org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f0401c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1202f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f120352
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0c0079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f12011a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070189
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f120438
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Maplibrenavigationandroidmain.FullscreenContainer = 0x7f120479
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12021d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f12026a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0d0032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12025c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleMedium = 0x7f120202
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0d0057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1202f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f12001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f12045f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f1203ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120240
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1203ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_outline_color = 0x7f0d00b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_no_turn_allowed = 0x7f080129
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0161
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_start_date_description = 0x7f11010a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f080049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppTheme.ActionBar.Fullscreen = 0x7f12047a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f120316
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f1203af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0c000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1201f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f12032b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f130023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0d00af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/report_drawn = 0x7f0901c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f1202ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_progress_indicator_track_color = 0x7f0d00d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1202d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/meters = 0x7f1100df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f12014e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f120323
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1203e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f0b000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f120312
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant96 = 0x7f060102
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked = 0x7f08017f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiCompassMarginRight = 0x7f04032e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f130049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f09024b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f130053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f120189
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f130021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_confusing_directions = 0x7f0800ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/imageView2 = 0x7f0900f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f09002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f130079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container = 0x7f0601aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1203e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0141
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked = 0x7f080184
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f13008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1201e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelSmall = 0x7f1201fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_update_button = 0x7f11003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f12001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f130004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/stretch = 0x7f090218
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.OnSurface = 0x7f1203f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_bottom = 0x7f070252
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_heap_dump_not_installed_text = 0x7f110088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate = 0x7f1100ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_stacktrace = 0x7f090133
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1202d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f12034a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0d012d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f120348
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f120246
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_icon_color = 0x7f0d000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f12015c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f13002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnSurfaceInverse = 0x7f040112
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/endToStart = 0x7f0900c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f12035c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f120209
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyLarge = 0x7f1201e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f12041a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f120326
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_options_menu_generate_hq_bitmap = 0x7f11009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f0402cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f13005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/AppTheme = 0x7f12000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f110067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f120219
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_fork_slight_left = 0x7f080108
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f1202d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:xml/leak_canary_file_paths = 0x7f140001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1203f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f1203ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f130062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_notification_dumping_heap = 0x7f090126
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fullscreen_content = 0x7f090277
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f04015a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f1201c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f130068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f12030e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0701e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12024b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120144
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f110018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f100003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_road_closed_filled = 0x7f08012f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d0081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/invisible = 0x7f090103
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f130010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120427
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f120269
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f13002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f120019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion = 0x7f12037a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f120292
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/legacy = 0x7f090139
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f06001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f1203b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1200db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.Badge = 0x7f1203c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0702eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f120018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Layout = 0x7f130047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator = 0x7f08015c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f120136
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f1201b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Primary = 0x7f120395
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120289
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0c001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_bright = 0x7f06021b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyLarge = 0x7f1201f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f12012a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12022a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1201c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_delete_all = 0x7f110076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f12027f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f130020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f070289
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f130098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120447
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.PersonalizedColors = 0x7f1202bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f130041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text = 0x7f120128
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0a0043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/frameLayout = 0x7f090279
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f11010c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline = 0x7f0601c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0c0060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_on_ramp_right = 0x7f0800bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f1203a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f04020e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f09009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1202fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Badge.AdjustToBounds = 0x7f120351
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialDivider = 0x7f130058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_selection_control_ripple = 0x7f080159
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog.Right = 0x7f120009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1202da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f120070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f040111
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f08004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.MaterialSwitch = 0x7f120389
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/alertText = 0x7f09004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelMedium = 0x7f1201ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Track.Shape = 0x7f120170
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_row_title = 0x7f09012f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f08017b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f120260
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1201cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0d00b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0d0110
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f0701a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f130008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f12028e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f090109
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TestNavigationViewDark = 0x7f12019e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f13005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f120431
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f130093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f120075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f120393
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f1201d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f130089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120342
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_range_selection = 0x7f1100f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f12003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f120121
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_user_icon_stale = 0x7f080170
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/CardView = 0x7f120120
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1202a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large = 0x7f12010a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f13001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/activeIndicatorLabelPadding = 0x7f040026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f1201a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1202e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f080126
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f09001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Tertiary = 0x7f12039e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f130087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/slide_in_right = 0x7f010033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_call_answer = 0x7f0800dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f120249
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f120135
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0c002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Badge.Shape = 0x7f120161
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/wayname_view_layout = 0x7f0c0099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f090037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_menu_list_item_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f090162
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f090203
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f1201ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/ime_base_split_test_activity = 0x7f0c0037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_road_closed = 0x7f08012e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f120179
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f1100be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0c0008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeTextAppearance = 0x7f04005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0c007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1200da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f120334
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1203fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f1202b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f130076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_user_bearing_icon = 0x7f08016d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textEnd = 0x7f090233
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f120079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_badge_color = 0x7f0d0002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1203ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1203d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewBannerManeuverPrimary = 0x7f0403c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0c006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1200f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1201ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f1201c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d0066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f13007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0d008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f090016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f090226
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120404
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/selection_type = 0x7f0901ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f1100f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f0600b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/SignInButton = 0x7f130080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f090263
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f13003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_embedded_navigation = 0x7f11013c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12026e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f1201bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f040071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f120279
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Chip = 0x7f13001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_disabled = 0x7f080087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f12039f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f120113
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f120423
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/percentY = 0x7f0403fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height = 0x7f0701e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0c0070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12022f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f04015c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_container_shape = 0x7f0d0152
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f0a0033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/showCustom = 0x7f0901f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_container_shape = 0x7f0d0147
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1200e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_map_error = 0x7f080121
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1201a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f120013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f0404c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/marginTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040340
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f1203c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1202a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f120196
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1202de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button = 0x7f12035b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f1201ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f120459
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f120420
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle = 0x7f0400f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_icon_monochrome = 0x7f080147
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f130005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f1202e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0b000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f040341
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f130006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large = 0x7f120175
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_avd_hide_password = 0x7f080153
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f12012f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0c008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f0a002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f120412
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f120414
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/leak_canary_enter_forward = 0x7f01001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Full = 0x7f12017b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f130055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1200fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f110022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120267
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f040075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f12031d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Slider = 0x7f130081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f1202cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Medium = 0x7f120176
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f130078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1200a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/maplibre_BubbleLayout = 0x7f13009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/btnFollow = 0x7f09006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_roundabout_sharp_left = 0x7f080114
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f120383
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0c008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f0801a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f09003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f07017d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f12037d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f12011f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f12040a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120261
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary = 0x7f0601bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120238
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f12046f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f04019a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f08003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0701ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f0401b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f110001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fullscreen_content_controls = 0x7f090278
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f120193
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f120049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_unknown_issue = 0x7f110039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal = 0x7f08008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f13008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/sheetShadow = 0x7f0901ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060211
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f08002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mapbox_access_token = 0x7f1100c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0d002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d015c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f12014f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1202cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f130065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070202
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ChipGroup = 0x7f12037c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f120418
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1202d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f12029c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f0401c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thickness = 0x7f0404fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f120217
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1202e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0c0012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f13001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f04051c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1202ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_container_color = 0x7f0d0167
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_group_name = 0x7f1100e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f1201de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f0702d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f130002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_reroute = 0x7f110051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_primary_text_inverse = 0x7f0602f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f120353
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_activity_fullscreen = 0x7f11014e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f110112
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f120338
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize = 0x7f0400f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d00f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f1203fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1201bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_waypoint_navigation = 0x7f110054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/summary_bottomsheet_layout = 0x7f0c0092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f060111
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f080076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f130016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f04041a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f130088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_turn_180 = 0x7f08011a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/methodName = 0x7f04037e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0118
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f130022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_leak = 0x7f08014a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_bright = 0x7f0601cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f1100f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.FilledButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f120164
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f130017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f13000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0c002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/circle_center = 0x7f09007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f0401b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f0702f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f1100f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel = 0x7f12012c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_off_route_detection = 0x7f110143
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_active_indicator_track_space = 0x7f070179
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f120313
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f04048b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f070339
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter = 0x7f120374
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f04040a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f060330
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_end_of_road_left = 0x7f080103
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.Container.Shape = 0x7f120169
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f12043e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_settings = 0x7f080136
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f130045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_arrow_back_black_24 = 0x7f0800d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1200bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/State = 0x7f130085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12021f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnSecondaryFixed = 0x7f04010f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_switch_track_path = 0x7f11011d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f09016f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_tv_analysis_success = 0x7f1100ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f070029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_primary_dark = 0x7f06026c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f12015e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0d0135
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f13007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f04039e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_height = 0x7f070187
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f1100f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f1100d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_color = 0x7f0d010a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/valhalla_url = 0x7f11014b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary40 = 0x7f060170
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f06029e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1202a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f120157
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070154
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f0702ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_content_description = 0x7f110024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/noState = 0x7f09018f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120119
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleMedium = 0x7f1201ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1200f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_count_new_border = 0x7f060072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface = 0x7f0602f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f130067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f130000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0c0018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f1100d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f0900aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070181
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f120258
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_squiggly_span_period_degrees = 0x7f0700b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f04015f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f06002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/maplibre_MapView = 0x7f1300a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodySmall = 0x7f1201e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f120154
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f04022f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f0403ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigation.Badge = 0x7f120355
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120146
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f0702be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/NavigationMapRoute = 0x7f12013b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f120134
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1200fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_leak_copied = 0x7f11008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120149
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/base_url = 0x7f11001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_embedded_navigation = 0x7f110049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f080123
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f130066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1200f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1200ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f1202bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_info = 0x7f080148
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f120468
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_merge_left = 0x7f0800aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_track_thickness = 0x7f07017b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f12041b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_navigation_button_leaks = 0x7f090122
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_loading = 0x7f09011c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f090021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0c007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f04010c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/forever = 0x7f0900d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f120276
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f060208
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_search_view = 0x7f0c0084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/navigation_running = 0x7f110123
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/rectangles = 0x7f0901c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f07028e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1200c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f12007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_fab_efab_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f0600c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f12033d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0158
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_root = 0x7f0901a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1201ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1201e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_m3_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f0800fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d0065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f13004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_more_margin_top = 0x7f0700a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant87 = 0x7f0600fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/m3_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0c0052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f130033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f12015f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f060344
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f120141
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0d005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f120255
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f040298
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0c005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060366
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f12026b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_maneuver_primary = 0x7f06025f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f12020a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f120159
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120239
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f07000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f040214
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f070159
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f120151
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f12042b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f0702b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0d012a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f13003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/container = 0x7f09008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f120147
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0169
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f12041e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f12021b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_color = 0x7f0d0099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1202a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/activity_main_say1 = 0x7f0c009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f0702b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f13005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f1100fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12026c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1200ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f040152
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f120248
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f090148
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_card_container_shape = 0x7f0d0047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f1203b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f12000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tint = 0x7f040513
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f12010f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1200d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f1203ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f04003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_secondary = 0x7f060273
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120295
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__2 = 0x7f08001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_trackingInitialMoveThreshold = 0x7f04031f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f090057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f13004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f090019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f120369
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal_background = 0x7f08008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f04051e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Medium = 0x7f12017d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f040557
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f040443
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f12028a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_opacity = 0x7f07016d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f0402a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f0901ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f130060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton.Icon = 0x7f12036c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f1203b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f12007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f0400ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_shape = 0x7f0d003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1201f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1203b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f12009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f040382
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f120214
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/elevationOverlayAccentColor = 0x7f0401a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight = 0x7f12023c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/toolbarSurfaceStyle = 0x7f040529
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Surface = 0x7f12039d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f0800e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse = 0x7f060306
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f130072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f120082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f04006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_roundabout_slight_left = 0x7f0800c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f130069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.BottomAppBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f120162
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_row_connector = 0x7f09012c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1201fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dragStart = 0x7f0900b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_channel_low = 0x7f110094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120259
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120237
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f04014b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/north = 0x7f090192
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_retained_dump_failed = 0x7f11009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Small = 0x7f120178
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0602b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f1203b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f090098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_error_container = 0x7f0601b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0900c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f040220
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.TextButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f120171
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiLogoMarginBottom = 0x7f040334
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f1202be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f1201b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f1203f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_icon_size = 0x7f070133
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f07031e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.LargeComponent = 0x7f120180
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/startToEnd = 0x7f090210
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f120166
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0c0081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_headline_type = 0x7f0d0016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/instruction_content_layout = 0x7f0c0039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1200dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f11001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_tabs_line_indicator = 0x7f08015b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1200d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/SHIFT = 0x7f090007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1200ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short3 = 0x7f0a001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f070281
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f130015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f12004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f1203bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/light_blue_900 = 0x7f060372
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1203ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1200e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_search_prefix = 0x7f0901a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d00cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialSearchViewPrefixStyle = 0x7f040367
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0400cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0400da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_container_color = 0x7f0d0009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120107
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Secondary = 0x7f12038e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/sub_banner_background = 0x7f0801b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/withText = 0x7f09026a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customDimension = 0x7f04016d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f0401f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_toast_heap_dump = 0x7f1100ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070230
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral94 = 0x7f0600e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f060107
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0d00cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_snap_to_route = 0x7f110145
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_primary_button = 0x7f08014c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_pulsingLocationCircleEnabled = 0x7f040316
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0c0031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070188
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_unchecked = 0x7f1100ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f12030b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/springDamping = 0x7f040468
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_no_retained_object_content = 0x7f110098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/rerouteProgressBar = 0x7f0901c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f060125
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f070285
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120356
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d0095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f07000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f1201ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_leak_screen = 0x7f0c004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120257
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f080044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f1202ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f120439
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f040379
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/middle = 0x7f09015e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Toolbar = 0x7f1203d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f120230
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f0400c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f0400b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f12018c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_shape = 0x7f0d002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_car = 0x7f0800e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f120311
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f04052b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f040554
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f120268
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_mylocation_icon_default = 0x7f08016a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/wayNameView = 0x7f090266
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textTop = 0x7f090237
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_accuracyAnimationEnabled = 0x7f0402dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_test_class_name = 0x7f1100aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f0801a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f040144
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f120281
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f07026b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_container_shape = 0x7f0d000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f120060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f120152
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f120320
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0137
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f12035a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f080019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0600cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f09022d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f120448
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f12043c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f120104
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f12006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/radio = 0x7f0901bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f09018b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1202dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f120132
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f120187
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f1202ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070215
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f130043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f120290
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium4 = 0x7f0a001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f13006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f040471
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f060010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f0401aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f12044c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f130031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fitXY = 0x7f0900d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070138
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120231
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f120388
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f060341
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1202a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f12044b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0400cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120226
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/italic = 0x7f090106
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_connector_center_y = 0x7f0700a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f04017a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f040289
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f120256
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f040349
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Surface = 0x7f120397
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f070343
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1201cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_upcoming_maneuver_arrow_border_color = 0x7f060257
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Avatar.Shape = 0x7f12016a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060246
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f120440
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f120301
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f12024c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f090161
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnPrimaryFixedVariant = 0x7f04010b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f0702d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/googleg_standard_color_18 = 0x7f0800d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_small_corner_family = 0x7f0a0022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f130044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f120309
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f12015a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f1201d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f12032e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_exit_arrow_left = 0x7f0800ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_dialog_container_shape = 0x7f0d0023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f1203ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_message = 0x7f080122
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f120068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f040535
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f120452
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f1203aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f12023e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f120254
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color_legacy = 0x7f06018c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1201f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f120110
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f12004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f13000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f120331
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color = 0x7f060244
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1202db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f120047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_headline_color = 0x7f0d0015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f060040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f12003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f060196
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fixed = 0x7f0900d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f120111
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f040240
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f120000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_headline_type = 0x7f0d016c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f070314
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f12003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f120039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f120038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeStyle = 0x7f0401e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_foregroundDrawable = 0x7f0402fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f120034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorTertiaryContainer = 0x7f040134
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f120033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_chip_library_leak = 0x7f090110
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/instructionLayout = 0x7f0900fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/roundedLineCap = 0x7f040427
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_color = 0x7f0d00c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f12002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_cursor_inset = 0x7f07025d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f12026f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_user_icon_shadow = 0x7f08016f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f06028b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_retained_title = 0x7f11009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_view_gone = 0x7f0a0040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_merge_slight_left = 0x7f0800ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_container_outline_width = 0x7f07011b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1200e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationLong3 = 0x7f040391
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1203c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120228
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f070286
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f040418
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_about_text = 0x7f09010e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f0402a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f13002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f12002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_install_text = 0x7f110035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f110004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f060229
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120409
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/CustomNavigationView = 0x7f120125
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f110006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/blocking = 0x7f090067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120235
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/confirm_button = 0x7f090088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f13009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/call_notification_answer_action = 0x7f110025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f070296
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120222
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_headline_type = 0x7f0d016e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1201f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection_none = 0x7f1100f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/FullscreenAttrs = 0x7f1300a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/light_blue_600 = 0x7f060371
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f0601bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f06019d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f12025f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal = 0x7f1203d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationBar.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f120165
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Label = 0x7f1203db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f04051b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Primary = 0x7f12039b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/icon_group = 0x7f0900ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f12012b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_heap_rendering = 0x7f090118
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f060275
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/filled = 0x7f0900d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorContainer = 0x7f0400fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.MediumComponent = 0x7f120181
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f1201d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0700d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f06003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/staticLayout = 0x7f090212
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d0174
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f120446
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12022b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f120017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f1201b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f120282
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f1100d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0702e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120143
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f06019c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f1201d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f040027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f120225
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_width = 0x7f07015d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_color_light_error = 0x7f060280
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f120472
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f120354
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1200d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/unit_type = 0x7f110148
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_navigation_launcher = 0x7f110140
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/dark_theme_enabled = 0x7f110044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_waypoint_navigation = 0x7f110147
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/NavigationMapRoute = 0x7f13006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0c0087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f12027d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_navigation_route_ui = 0x7f110141
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f130092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f120304
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_on_ramp_left = 0x7f0800ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f0702a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f130056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_dual_navigation_map = 0x7f11013b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1202e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input = 0x7f120376
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f110139
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f120458
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_retained_dump_wait = 0x7f11009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f12038a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/settings = 0x7f110134
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_accuracyAlpha = 0x7f0402dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f120463
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_bottom_navigation_bar = 0x7f09010f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f12042e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed_dim = 0x7f06022e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f12006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f1202e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f060233
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f040375
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSecondaryContainer = 0x7f040124
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f12044d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120243
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f0404e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12021e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0701e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f12002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f12045c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f120029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0600d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f13006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f110128
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f110126
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/navigation_view_instance_state = 0x7f110124
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f12042d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1202f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f12036d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07012b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07012e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f120366
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_pressed = 0x7f11011a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_color = 0x7f0d00ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/m3_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0c0051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f0702e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_message = 0x7f110097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f0404fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_merge_right = 0x7f08010c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fade = 0x7f0900cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_badge_large_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f120291
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/end_navigation = 0x7f110058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f040230
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f110109
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f12010d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1202f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f130091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0602a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f1202a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1202f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator.Legacy = 0x7f1203a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f110106
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f1203a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f1201df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textInputOutlinedDenseStyle = 0x7f0404eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f120148
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1200d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/instruction_layout = 0x7f0c003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d0018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f110102
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0d00b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f07029d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_end_date_description = 0x7f1100fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked = 0x7f080196
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1200e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f1100e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f130061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f1100dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1200e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/wrap_content = 0x7f09026e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f13005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f1100d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiQuickZoomGestures = 0x7f040338
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f12031a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f120419
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1202d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f110110
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraTargetLat = 0x7f0402f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f0404b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f120072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/chronometer = 0x7f09007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_slider_value = 0x7f1100d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0c0064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0600d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f070069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f070081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f090015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1202eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/NavigationLocationLayerStyle = 0x7f12013a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_filled_icon_button_container_color_selector = 0x7f0600c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_error = 0x7f06027c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f1100d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f040251
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0700db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f12042a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal = 0x7f08008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/m3_side_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f070254
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/isMaterial3DynamicColorApplied = 0x7f04024b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f1100cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0142
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/selected = 0x7f0901e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/view = 0x7f09025d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceBodySmall = 0x7f0404bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0d0105
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f12001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f0400af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f120273
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.ExtraSmall = 0x7f120380
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_unchecked = 0x7f1100ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.NavigationView.Item = 0x7f120192
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f0a0028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/elastic = 0x7f0900c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/maplibre_myLocationViewContentDescription = 0x7f1100c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f0400ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/maplibre_attributionErrorNoBrowser = 0x7f1100c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f120036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0d0123
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationDarkTheme = 0x7f0403ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1203ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dummy_button = 0x7f090276
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate = 0x7f1100b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f040481
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_leak_chips = 0x7f0c0048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f040017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/SearchBar = 0x7f13007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_import_from_title = 0x7f11008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0d00ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f040042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f04001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f08003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_import_unsupported_file_extension = 0x7f11008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy = 0x7f1100b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f12041f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f120300
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f120357
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1202dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f1100b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/notification_arrival_time_format = 0x7f110125
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f120025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium = 0x7f1100b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/group_divider = 0x7f0900e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_label_text_type = 0x7f0d00d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ManeuverView = 0x7f13004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_share_with = 0x7f1100a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1202f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f120284
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f090238
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0c006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/spline = 0x7f090202
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f04040e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f08018a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f12014c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary90 = 0x7f060175
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0701cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f0901e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f1201d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/scrollable = 0x7f0901dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_layers = 0x7f0800f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060367
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_go_to_heap_analysis = 0x7f110080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_clock_level = 0x7f09014c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_heap_dump_screen_title = 0x7f110089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f07033c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_group_list_time_label = 0x7f110081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1 = 0x7f070229
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f12011b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f040245
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f040003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bl_strokeColor = 0x7f0402ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f09016b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_height = 0x7f0701ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f130054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f0403e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_analysis_failed = 0x7f110072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_white = 0x7f060185
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_fragment_navigation = 0x7f11004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/text = 0x7f090231
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1 = 0x7f07021b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_about_enable_heap_dump_textOff = 0x7f11006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120275
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/language_key = 0x7f11006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f130014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f120106
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/newLocationFab = 0x7f09018d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f120158
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/language = 0x7f110069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f12040e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0400e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/feet = 0x7f110063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/explanation_long_press_waypoint = 0x7f11005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_content_container = 0x7f09019f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f120391
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Popup.Primary = 0x7f1202f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0c0009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/crossfade = 0x7f040165
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1201af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0900b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f0402c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused = 0x7f080084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120457
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f060193
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f130086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/endIconScaleType = 0x7f0401b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0d0128
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f09016e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f120317
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/navigation_guidance_night = 0x7f110122
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f070086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f120035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12024f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f120411
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f07002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f12032a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f040246
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/dropoff_dialog_positive_text = 0x7f110056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorTertiaryFixed = 0x7f040135
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_navigation_launcher = 0x7f11004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f070344
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/largeFontVerticalOffsetAdjustment = 0x7f040273
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f12027e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f040526
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_mock_navigation = 0x7f11004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_container = 0x7f090184
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/default_unit_type = 0x7f110046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f050008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f1202ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Capability = 0x7f130019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1201be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/disjoint = 0x7f0900ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Transition = 0x7f130095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f13000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1203f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/default_locale = 0x7f110045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_minimum_scale_speed = 0x7f07024a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_morphing = 0x7f110118
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f070348
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f12035d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f12002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_update_title = 0x7f11003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f04016a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f040407
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d015d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f090073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f070057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/kilometers = 0x7f110068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/notificationDistanceText = 0x7f090194
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f120298
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expanded = 0x7f0401c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1202b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f12025e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f060312
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/maneuverImage = 0x7f090141
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f0901e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120185
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f120407
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size = 0x7f0701d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/spread = 0x7f090204
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/never = 0x7f09018a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_notification_channel_name = 0x7f110037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f090178
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f040178
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_path = 0x7f11011c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_group_name = 0x7f1100e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_enable_text = 0x7f110032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1202f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/AppTheme.Fullscreen = 0x7f120478
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f1201ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f060122
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f130038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f12003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f040201
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/packed = 0x7f0901ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120400
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f1100dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f07001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationExtraLong1 = 0x7f04038b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f120428
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_snackbar_container_elevation = 0x7f0701a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f120028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f07032c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f07007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_enable_button = 0x7f110031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1200eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_bar = 0x7f090036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f120436
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_toggle_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120227
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/route_overview_left_right_padding = 0x7f07034a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f11002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f120030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/screenshotView = 0x7f0901d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f11002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f11002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0d0125
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/maplibre_LocationComponent = 0x7f120476
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_snackbar_margin = 0x7f070206
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/call_notification_incoming_text = 0x7f110029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_large_text_vertical_offset_adjustment = 0x7f0701d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f08003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f070010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f080178
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary70 = 0x7f060180
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/call_notification_decline_action = 0x7f110027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/call_notification_answer_video_action = 0x7f110026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/bottomsheet_action_expand = 0x7f110021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f120328
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:xml/network_security_config = 0x7f140002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_container_shape = 0x7f0d0114
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f0402a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0d0042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f110011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_about_message = 0x7f11006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f110010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral96 = 0x7f06014e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d013d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_slider_halo_color_legacy = 0x7f06018a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_heap_dump_toast = 0x7f0c0043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1200ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/font = 0x7f040204
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1202b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:array/unit_type_values_array = 0x7f030005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f110008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f06036a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary40 = 0x7f06017d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f0404e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_off_ramp_left = 0x7f08010d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f0801a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_turn_slight_right = 0x7f0800cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1203c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_tabs_icon_color = 0x7f060231
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12027a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeWithTextRadius = 0x7f040064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f120449
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/dummy_content = 0x7f11014d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonIcon = 0x7f040096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/summary_peek_content_layout = 0x7f0c0094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f070008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f12032d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alternativeRouteShieldColor = 0x7f040035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1203ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f060334
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f090082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1200ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f0801ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f0400ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline_variant = 0x7f060215
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1200d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_heap_dump_disabled_from_ui = 0x7f110084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_opacity = 0x7f07019d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f08005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f120303
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Elevated = 0x7f120377
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_display_activity_label = 0x7f110078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral22 = 0x7f06013f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f12045e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f1201bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Bottom = 0x7f12018d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f120308
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f090027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f110005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0c0001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f120126
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f110000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f130035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/SYM = 0x7f09000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:plurals/leak_canary_group_screen_title = 0x7f100001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Chip = 0x7f120102
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/maplibre_LocationLayer = 0x7f120477
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f080080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Motion = 0x7f130064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f120042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_retained_debugger_attached = 0x7f11009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0602a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1200d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_end_of_road_right = 0x7f0800a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f040465
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f120333
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f090045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/contentPanel = 0x7f09008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:mipmap/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f0f0001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f120265
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_lane_straight_only = 0x7f0800f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_center_coordinate = 0x7f0a003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06035f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f130011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1201c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnPrimaryContainer = 0x7f040109
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/matrix = 0x7f09015c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_sys_color_light_surface_tint = 0x7f0d0176
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/recycler_view = 0x7f0901c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/spacer = 0x7f090200
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/simulate_route_key = 0x7f110138
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f12036a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0c0007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/simpleItemSelectedColor = 0x7f040457
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1202c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1200cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyMedium = 0x7f1201e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f080177
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f07029c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_docked_header_container_height = 0x7f07018b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f070006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f0404a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/checked = 0x7f09007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f1201b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/leak_canary_watcher_auto_install = 0x7f050006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_background = 0x7f060209
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f060279
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_y_distance = 0x7f0700c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f040020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1200e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f09002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f060004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f120027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f0601c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0d012f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular = 0x7f1100b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0900b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f1201dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_outline = 0x7f0602ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f0702a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1202d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f09024f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/custom = 0x7f090094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f040416
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f040567
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f0403b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default = 0x7f060033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/leak_canary_Theme.Transparent = 0x7f120474
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_plate = 0x7f0901e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f080079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_tint = 0x7f0d0175
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0602b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_indeterminate = 0x7f04047b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f12016b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f1100da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f1100fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0900a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f07005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f120003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f040565
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialCheckBoxStates = 0x7f130057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_heap_render = 0x7f0c0045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_headline_color = 0x7f0d016d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f1203a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/feedback_bottomsheet_background = 0x7f0800cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120204
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Large = 0x7f12017c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f040544
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0d011e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/edge = 0x7f0900bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1203fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f13007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_separator_type = 0x7f0d0166
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f04046b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_separator_color = 0x7f0d0165
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f090234
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f12029d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d015a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f060311
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_text = 0x7f090047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0155
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_checked = 0x7f110117
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f12044a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f07025b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1201b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/summary_content_layout = 0x7f0c0093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_headline_type = 0x7f0d0151
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f12011c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_valhalla_navigation = 0x7f110146
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f090262
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_leak_text = 0x7f09011a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/route_profile_key = 0x7f11012f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f040489
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f04029e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingStandardAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f0403a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f090001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/side_sheet_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f110135
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f09015a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_low = 0x7f06021f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f13008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppTheme.ButtonBar.Fullscreen = 0x7f12047b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f07030e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120109
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_row_small_text = 0x7f09012d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f12024a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0c008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_headline_color = 0x7f0d0150
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_toolbar_text_size_title = 0x7f070237
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/NavigationViewDark = 0x7f12013c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f060299
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_container_color = 0x7f0d014e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f12029f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f1100d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f0402ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f1201a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/icon = 0x7f04022e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1200f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.None = 0x7f12017e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d014a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f12031f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/imageView5 = 0x7f0900f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant = 0x7f060222
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120469
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f040512
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0146
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f0402ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/toggle = 0x7f090246
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f080175
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f120145
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f12021c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_shield_layer_color = 0x7f060256
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f04002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.Small = 0x7f120382
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f12033a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0d0138
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyMedium = 0x7f1201f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showMarker = 0x7f04044e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0d0140
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f060292
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused = 0x7f080089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f1203a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.DatePicker.Modal.Date.Container.Shape = 0x7f120163
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f120250
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f120195
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_scrollEffect = 0x7f0402bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f12015d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f120441
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f060356
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f110108
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0d0132
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_gray_fill = 0x7f080144
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f070350
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f040461
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f120341
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f0602c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f12020e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/settings = 0x7f0901eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070325
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f090156
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120324
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_track_color = 0x7f0d011b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f12031b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_color = 0x7f0d00a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_updating_text = 0x7f11003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_track_color = 0x7f0d012e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_name = 0x7f1100e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f110100
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d00e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:plurals/leak_canary_heap_analysis_list_screen_title = 0x7f100002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f120022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070226
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f130030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1201f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/track = 0x7f040532
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f130083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d012c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/parallax = 0x7f0901ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f12021a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0127
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiLogoMarginLeft = 0x7f040335
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f060297
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f080125
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1203fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1202ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f1100f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_dual_navigation_map = 0x7f110048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f130077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_gray_6f = 0x7f060077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f1100cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060186
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f12044e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/recenter_btn_layout = 0x7f0c008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f120194
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f070049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hideNavigationIcon = 0x7f040222
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.Medium = 0x7f120381
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12014b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_fork = 0x7f080105
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f120421
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text = 0x7f12012e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1200ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f110103
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraLarge = 0x7f04043e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelMedium = 0x7f1201fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSecondaryFixed = 0x7f040125
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:plurals/leak_canary_distinct_leaks = 0x7f100000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f12041d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/View = 0x7f130097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f060046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f090239
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_fork_straight = 0x7f08010a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary99 = 0x7f06016a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0101
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f040255
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_road_closed_unfilled = 0x7f080130
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07014d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f060027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0164
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_bar_text_view = 0x7f09019c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d00df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f04045a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0c0017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f060123
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070216
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f040252
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tabMode = 0x7f090223
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0c005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_height = 0x7f0a003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_user_puck_icon = 0x7f080171
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/leak_canary_MoreDetailsView = 0x7f13009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f090039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f040540
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f130042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary_container = 0x7f0602e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f0404b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1203f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f080032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f040518
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f090198
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_delete = 0x7f110075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0d00a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/lane_straight = 0x7f08013f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f040164
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d00d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f120244
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f0404cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f0600c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_bottom_padding = 0x7f0700d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120253
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f1201ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d00c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_plain_tooltip_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d00c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1203c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_component_navigation = 0x7f11013a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d00c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Clock = 0x7f1203c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/dropoff_dialog_negative_text = 0x7f110055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f120416
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0d00be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_container_height = 0x7f0701c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0d0030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/lane_uturn = 0x7f080141
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium = 0x7f1100b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0702e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0d00aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/turn_lane_listitem_layout = 0x7f0c0098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f090189
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/bannerText = 0x7f090061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/re_center = 0x7f11012b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f09002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f06033b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_color = 0x7f0d00a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_height = 0x7f070136
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/snapMargins = 0x7f0901fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f040036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter.Elevated = 0x7f120375
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_retained_visible = 0x7f11009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f120363
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f0401e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_on_ramp_slight_left = 0x7f0800be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_container = 0x7f0602f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_simple_item_ripple_color = 0x7f060187
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/extendStrategy = 0x7f0401cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f130084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.SmallComponent = 0x7f120183
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1200f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d0096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f04051d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f08000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f08002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f080092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:xml/fragment_navigation_view_preferences = 0x7f140000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0c0029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_color = 0x7f0d0092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f090091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f1203a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f040029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/navigation_view_layout = 0x7f0c0085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_fragment_navigation = 0x7f11013e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleSmall = 0x7f1201ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f07016f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f1100db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f0701e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0c007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1202d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/decelerate = 0x7f090099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f040347
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f120443
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/baseline = 0x7f090063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_navigation_button_heap_dumps_icon = 0x7f090121
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f040479
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f08007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f13000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/up = 0x7f09025a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f0403e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f06032f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1201e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/map_style_light = 0x7f1100c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f120367
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f09002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/framePosition = 0x7f040213
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f060105
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f120470
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f110012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f090151
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f06034d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mph_text_size = 0x7f070273
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f1201a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f07017c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewPrimaryText = 0x7f0403cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f13002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_color = 0x7f0d006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f07001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_background = 0x7f060203
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_install_button = 0x7f110034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display = 0x7f1203c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1202e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_toggle_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d0051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fullscreenTextColor = 0x7f04056f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f0401ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f090252
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f060338
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07017f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/gradient_shadow_down = 0x7f0800d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f12028d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f040356
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_secondary_text = 0x7f060265
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f06033a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0d004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_stackoverflow_share = 0x7f1100a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070200
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0d003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0900eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/error_a11y_label = 0x7f110059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f060286
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_hprof_explorer = 0x7f0c0046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0d0037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0602b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0d0033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f13003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_label_text_type = 0x7f0d002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f120117
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_color = 0x7f0d002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0d008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_divider_color = 0x7f0d0028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackTint = 0x7f04053e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0c0089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/app_name = 0x7f11001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_dialog_headline_type = 0x7f0d0025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f0404a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f1201a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_icon_color = 0x7f0d0008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f040183
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bl_strokeWidth = 0x7f0402ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/SideSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f13007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_signin_button_text = 0x7f110041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/routeOverviewBtn = 0x7f0901cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_weekdays_label_text_type = 0x7f0d001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f12034c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/outward = 0x7f0901ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0c0074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/row_index_key = 0x7f0901d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120272
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f08006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120424
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f090175
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_month_subhead_type = 0x7f0d001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_about_enable_heap_dump_textOn = 0x7f11006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f12019c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f1203b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_month_subhead_color = 0x7f0d001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f120020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f12034f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f130050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0d00f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cross_source_collisions = 0x7f0402f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f1100fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/simulate_route = 0x7f110137
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_label_text_type = 0x7f0d000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_container_color = 0x7f0d000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1200e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_list_background_dark = 0x7f06026a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_extended_fab_icon_padding = 0x7f0701c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f120168
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/turn_lane_layout = 0x7f0c0097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0c0096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_channel_result = 0x7f110095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f040039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0c0080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0c007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f040209
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070131
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1200c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/message = 0x7f09015d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f1100f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f1201b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/md_grey_800 = 0x7f06031d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0c0069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0c0033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f040290
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f06004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d011a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0c0068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f0702ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0c0067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f0401c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0c0066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/goIcon = 0x7f040216
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f060326
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f12043f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_error = 0x7f0601dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f12029a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_hovered_z = 0x7f070102
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/borderRound = 0x7f040079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0c0065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f0600ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_background_dark = 0x7f06025e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d0017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_navigation_button_leaks_icon = 0x7f090123
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0c005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f120245
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_icon_button_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1202fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0c0058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f120114
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0400fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/maplibre_view_image_marker = 0x7f0c0056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/maplibre_attribution_list_item = 0x7f0c0054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1201b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/m3_alert_dialog = 0x7f0c004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f040047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f080038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f110013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f12030d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f1201a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f04005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/exit_sign_view_left = 0x7f0c0034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_simple_row = 0x7f0c004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120186
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/notificationArrivalText = 0x7f090193
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0c0071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider = 0x7f1203bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f06006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dialog_button = 0x7f0900a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_ref_row = 0x7f0c004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f070096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f120332
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1200b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_toggle_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_leak_header = 0x7f0c0049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Left = 0x7f12018e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Primary = 0x7f12038d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_tabs_transparent_background = 0x7f08015d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0a0044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/arrivalTimeText = 0x7f09005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f120016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f040048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_heap_dumps_screen = 0x7f0c0044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dot = 0x7f0900af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f120197
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f120401
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f0402b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_depart_right = 0x7f080102
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/right_side = 0x7f0901cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0156
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0d010e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f12043d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f0901c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f130082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f120286
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Search.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1203cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f0403a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f0702b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f12020f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f130018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/instruction_list_layout = 0x7f0c003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCardViewFilledStyle = 0x7f04035a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top_with_large_font = 0x7f0701ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0c002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/activity_mock_navigation = 0x7f0c001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f130032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0134
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f12009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/maplibre_LocationLayer = 0x7f1300a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f04053d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f120015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f09009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f060012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_heap_dump_enabled_text = 0x7f110087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0c0011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_end_navigation = 0x7f11013d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f040430
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f0400a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0c0004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f120346
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f040357
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_reroute = 0x7f110144
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0c0003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f1202a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d0116
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f040521
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f070276
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f120368
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f070085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0c0000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0602a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f0901e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0b0010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f1201a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f07029e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f120093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f120435
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0b000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f1201c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0600f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f110014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0b000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f120336
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f07028c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mapbox_defaultMultiTapMovementThreshold = 0x7f070238
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f120385
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f0b0008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackStopIndicatorSize = 0x7f04053c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_primary_text = 0x7f0602f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f0801aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f120306
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d0086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant4 = 0x7f0600f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/lane_straight_only_right = 0x7f080140
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f130029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f1100ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled_background = 0x7f070261
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f040175
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_elevated_disabled_z = 0x7f0700fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f12030a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary30 = 0x7f060162
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f090017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_view_visible = 0x7f0a0042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_width = 0x7f0a003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_hint_foreground = 0x7f06030a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_size = 0x7f0a003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_duration = 0x7f0a003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f120122
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f040519
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_post_morphing_duration = 0x7f0a0038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f090025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_today_description = 0x7f110111
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f0402aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_container_height = 0x7f07011c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_container_outline_color = 0x7f0d0012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f0a0031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0d00ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f12002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0a0001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f130040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f0a002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f1203be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/subStepText = 0x7f09021b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_checkbox_button_icon_tint = 0x7f0600a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f0a0029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f060325
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0126
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_path = 0x7f0a0020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short4 = 0x7f0a001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_connector_width = 0x7f0700a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d00da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short2 = 0x7f0a001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/NotificationTime = 0x7f12013f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f070352
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f120314
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short1 = 0x7f0a001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_elevation = 0x7f0700b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_shape = 0x7f0d0039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f08003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_roundabout_slight_right = 0x7f0800c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long2 = 0x7f0a0015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long1 = 0x7f0a0014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_primary = 0x7f06026b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceContainerLow = 0x7f04012d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long3 = 0x7f0a0012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/maplibre_offline_error_region_definition_invalid = 0x7f1100c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f060156
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_notification_on_screen_exit = 0x7f090128
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/fab_margin_bottom = 0x7f070095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_badge_max_number = 0x7f0a000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f040011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0a0009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0900c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f040215
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/google_play_services_version = 0x7f0a0008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0a0006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/x_left = 0x7f090270
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_notification_write_permission = 0x7f09012a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary_container = 0x7f060217
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f120392
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/lastItemDecorated = 0x7f040275
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/waynameText = 0x7f090267
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2 = 0x7f07021c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1202ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner = 0x7f090261
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f090260
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f1203c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/useLogo = 0x7f09025b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f110015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/unlabeled = 0x7f090259
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/turnLaneView = 0x7f090256
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f07024e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f09017d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_heap_analysis_failure_screen = 0x7f0c0041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/wayname_text_background = 0x7f0801b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transition_pause_alpha = 0x7f090250
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_icon_button_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transition_clip = 0x7f09024c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_type = 0x7f0d00ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f09024a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CardView = 0x7f13001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/touch_outside = 0x7f090249
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f120339
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/top = 0x7f090247
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f090244
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1202e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/dropoff_dialog_text = 0x7f110057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f1202af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/title = 0x7f090243
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0c0063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060239
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f11005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f12001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f0a0032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0c005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_headline_type = 0x7f0d0085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f090240
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f040262
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f09023e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f09023d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f040299
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f090031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textinput_error = 0x7f09023c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:plurals/numberOfDays = 0x7f100004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f09023a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f120364
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/nameView = 0x7f09017f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f09026f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f090235
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_heap_dump_leak_title = 0x7f0c0042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f0402ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f070333
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f12036b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/text2 = 0x7f090232
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_notification_ticker = 0x7f110038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0119
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f0402d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_char_array = 0x7f060080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_side_sheet_standard_elevation = 0x7f0701fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f09022f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f060199
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f120210
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f09022e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f1100ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f07014f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f09022c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f090044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f090229
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f09000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f120129
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/summaryBottomSheet = 0x7f09021e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f07015b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f09021c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f080029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d00ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d00b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0400d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_merge_straight = 0x7f0800ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1203e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/subStepLayout = 0x7f09021a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_route_origin = 0x7f080132
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f120233
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/subManeuverView = 0x7f090219
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titlePositionInterpolator = 0x7f040520
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f07013a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/stepPrimaryText = 0x7f090215
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f090213
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f11010f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/startRouteLayout = 0x7f09020f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline = 0x7f0601e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0702cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_container_color = 0x7f0d0111
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f120315
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/standard = 0x7f09020b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_permission_not_granted = 0x7f1100a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/src_in = 0x7f090209
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/leak_canary_plumber_auto_install = 0x7f050005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d013a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/square = 0x7f090207
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_restored_view_state = 0x7f09012b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f090201
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0d00a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f12033e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f06011d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f120088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_fab_border_width = 0x7f0701cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0c000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0404d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070156
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/soundFab = 0x7f0901fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Tertiary = 0x7f120390
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f0404f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f0901f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_image = 0x7f090041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/showHome = 0x7f0901f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1202b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/shortcut = 0x7f0901ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Small = 0x7f12017f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f0901ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f04016f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f0401a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f110019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/CustomInstructionView = 0x7f120123
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion.Elevated = 0x7f12037b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f120026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120251
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f0901e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnTertiary = 0x7f040114
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f090018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f120384
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f070067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f07033e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f13002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f0901be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f0403bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f060001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_heap_dump_disabled_text = 0x7f110086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f0901da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f12002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/screen = 0x7f0901d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/sawtooth = 0x7f0901d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1202f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb = 0x7f080195
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f0901ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f09008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1202ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/aligned = 0x7f090051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f0901d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_chip_corner_size = 0x7f07010b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/right_icon = 0x7f0901cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_clicked = 0x7f110023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f0402af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_leak_activity = 0x7f0c0047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f0702f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f12043b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f09016c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_tv_toast_retained_objects = 0x7f1100ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/right = 0x7f0901c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f040353
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f120456
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f120299
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/recenterBtn = 0x7f0901c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f12038b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Legacy = 0x7f1203dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f04014d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f12003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/pressed = 0x7f0901bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f0601a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/peekHeight = 0x7f0901b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f040474
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f0901b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f04001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f070351
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/parentPanel = 0x7f0901b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0a0003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f110030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/parent = 0x7f0901af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f13008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/overshoot = 0x7f0901ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_status_bar_spacer = 0x7f0901a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f12031e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_divider = 0x7f0901a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_clear_button = 0x7f09019e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.NavigationBarView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f120182
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_chip_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f07010c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_bottomsheet_drag_handle = 0x7f08017d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f06031f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_background = 0x7f09019d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/off = 0x7f090199
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f0401b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_count_text = 0x7f060073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f090197
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f09009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/notificationInstructionText = 0x7f090195
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f12015b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f04050b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/noScroll = 0x7f09018e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleLarge = 0x7f120201
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f09018c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0c0062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f090188
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1200fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f12040d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f090187
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f09009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f040121
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f090186
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/multiply = 0x7f09017e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/topInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f04052e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f090179
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/notification_background = 0x7f090196
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f08003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f090174
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f070253
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f120232
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Outlined = 0x7f120362
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f090173
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding = 0x7f0700b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f010023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f060000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f12040f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f09016a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/NotificationText = 0x7f12013e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCardViewElevatedStyle = 0x7f040359
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f070042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/maplibre_compassContentDescription = 0x7f1100c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f090169
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f0403ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070233
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/timeRemainingText = 0x7f090242
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0701e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f06036c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/title_template = 0x7f090245
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f090159
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_options_menu_render_heap_dump = 0x7f1100a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/motion_base = 0x7f090166
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f040226
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0400c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0400e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiCompassFadeFacingNorth = 0x7f04032a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f090164
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f070034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f120360
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f06004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0602a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f090163
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1201e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f040205
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_value_index = 0x7f09015b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_label = 0x7f090152
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_user_icon = 0x7f08016e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium3 = 0x7f0a001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f12005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist.Elevated = 0x7f120373
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f09014d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/marquee = 0x7f090144
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary80 = 0x7f060181
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f120462
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0900c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_dumping = 0x7f110096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f120212
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/m3_side_sheet = 0x7f090140
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiScrollGestures = 0x7f04033a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f1202b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_app = 0x7f06007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dragUp = 0x7f0900b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f120103
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_carousel_extra_small_item_size = 0x7f070105
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/listMode = 0x7f09013e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0c0015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_merge_left = 0x7f08010b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/linear = 0x7f09013d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/line1 = 0x7f09013b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leftToRight = 0x7f090138
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_time_text = 0x7f090134
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f070304
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_dialog_headline_color = 0x7f0d0024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f070098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f040381
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_list = 0x7f09011b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_headline_color = 0x7f0d016b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_color = 0x7f0d0041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/src_atop = 0x7f090208
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_import_heap_dump = 0x7f090119
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f04016c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f120242
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger = 0x7f0700bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f1201ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f130099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/end = 0x7f0900c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0d0148
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f120461
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060213
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_explorer_title = 0x7f090115
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f110003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_explorer_list = 0x7f090114
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_search_bar = 0x7f0c0083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_count_text = 0x7f090112
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleTextEllipsize = 0x7f040523
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickMark = 0x7f04050d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_about_heap_dump_switch_button = 0x7f09010c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f12045a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f120405
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/layout = 0x7f09010b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f090265
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f1203e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_text_inverse = 0x7f0602f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f090108
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f040568
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f1201bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/instructionView = 0x7f090101
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_permission_notification_title = 0x7f1100a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f070342
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/endNavigationBtn = 0x7f0900c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/instructionManeuverLayout = 0x7f090100
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f090170
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f12046e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/indeterminate = 0x7f0900f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_notification_analyzing_heap = 0x7f090125
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f04027c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked = 0x7f08019b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f120024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f060352
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_shortcut_label = 0x7f1100a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/included = 0x7f0900f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialIconButtonStyle = 0x7f040365
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_back_progress_bottom_container_max_scale_y_distance = 0x7f0700c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/image = 0x7f0900f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f040410
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0900f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/unit_type_key = 0x7f110149
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Secondary = 0x7f120396
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0900ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_squiggly_span_amplitude = 0x7f0700af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0900f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceContainerHigh = 0x7f04012b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/icon = 0x7f0900ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f0900ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f090177
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet = 0x7f120358
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1202e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120224
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120142
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0701f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f060207
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mini = 0x7f09015f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0d010b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f120444
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f120283
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/header_title = 0x7f0900e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1200c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f120464
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f0404df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/guideline = 0x7f0900e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dividerInsetStart = 0x7f040189
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodySmall = 0x7f1201f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0900e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f040184
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/gone = 0x7f0900df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f12004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fullscreen_header = 0x7f0900dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/frost = 0x7f0900db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/menuAlignmentMode = 0x7f04037c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d0074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f04035d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0900da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/flip = 0x7f0900d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1201c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fitCenter = 0x7f0900d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/content = 0x7f040140
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/navigation_guidance_day = 0x7f110121
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0900cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0900ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view = 0x7f090183
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fill = 0x7f0900cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/embed = 0x7f0900c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/edit_query = 0x7f0900be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/activity_snap_to_route_navigation = 0x7f0c0020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/easeOut = 0x7f0900bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_uturn = 0x7f0800ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dragDown = 0x7f0900b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f0900b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/distanceRemainingText = 0x7f0900ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/disableScroll = 0x7f0900ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f1100f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/direct = 0x7f0900a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dimensions = 0x7f0900a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1200ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f0400b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f120205
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f0900a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0c006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f0900a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f0900a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0900a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f07001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/descriptionView = 0x7f09009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f120467
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f09009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070295
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/constraint = 0x7f090089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/alertTitle = 0x7f09004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/paella_icon = 0x7f0801b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0702ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f090230
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pre_morphing_duration = 0x7f0a0039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_fab_corner_size = 0x7f0701cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/compress = 0x7f090087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_color = 0x7f0d0104
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/currentState = 0x7f090093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/closest = 0x7f090085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070218
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/clockwise = 0x7f090084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1200fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/clear_text = 0x7f090081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f04018a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/add = 0x7f09004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_roundabout_sharp_right = 0x7f080115
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/chain2 = 0x7f09007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f1100bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_switch_track_tint = 0x7f06034a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/chain = 0x7f090079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1202c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f0400b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f07014b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1200ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/ratio = 0x7f0901c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0401c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f130012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/center_vertical = 0x7f090078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_fork_slight_right = 0x7f0800a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120278
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f090153
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f110130
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f070021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1203a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f090077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f130048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0129
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked__0 = 0x7f080023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/centerInside = 0x7f090076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/centerCrop = 0x7f090075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_not_allowed_filled = 0x7f08012b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f04028c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/cancel_button = 0x7f090072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d011d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f060242
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f040484
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0a0004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/cancelBtn = 0x7f090071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0702d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/marginRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04033f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0701ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f130074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f1100fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f120184
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1203ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_container_color = 0x7f0d00f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f1203f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f09006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/eta_format = 0x7f11005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/bounceStart = 0x7f09006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f09006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f09006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/bottom = 0x7f090068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f0403bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/beginning = 0x7f090065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f120340
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070322
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f040212
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f0404b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f120318
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1200cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f090064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d0068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120252
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/auto = 0x7f09005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/arc = 0x7f090059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_error = 0x7f060204
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/animateToStart = 0x7f090056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_dump_heap_now = 0x7f090113
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/always = 0x7f090054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/alertProgressBar = 0x7f09004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/submit_area = 0x7f09021d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f120153
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f090150
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed = 0x7f080199
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1200aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_update_text = 0x7f11003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceTitleLarge = 0x7f0404db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f06002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/black_overlay = 0x7f060370
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0124
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/vertical_only = 0x7f09025c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet = 0x7f1203d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/customPanel = 0x7f090095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07015c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f110064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f090167
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/adjust_height = 0x7f09004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0a0005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/actions = 0x7f090048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f09003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f080066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f09003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/start = 0x7f09020c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/demo_switch_background = 0x7f080095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_3 = 0x7f090035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_help_title = 0x7f11008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f09022b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_2 = 0x7f090034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f1202a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1202c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0f0002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_1 = 0x7f090033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f120115
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f12031c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f040200
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f120460
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/triangle = 0x7f090254
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/actionUp = 0x7f090032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cursorColor = 0x7f040167
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/searchPrefixText = 0x7f040435
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/actionDown = 0x7f090030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f040536
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/asConfigured = 0x7f09005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dropDownBackgroundTint = 0x7f04019d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f090029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f090024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_divider_color = 0x7f0d00f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_end_of_road_right = 0x7f080104
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0c002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f090020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f09001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0d0036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f090014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f090012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f0402c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accelerate = 0x7f09000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f060104
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceDisplayMedium = 0x7f0404c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f13001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/turn_lane_background = 0x7f0801b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f0800f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f0801a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f120172
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Animation = 0x7f120127
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_gray_3f = 0x7f060076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/spread_inside = 0x7f090205
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f040106
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_shape = 0x7f0d00a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_chip_new = 0x7f090111
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorError = 0x7f040101
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f0801b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1200e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f0801b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f0801ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f04020d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_oversize_large_icon_bg = 0x7f0801ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f11001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_about_heap_dump_text = 0x7f09010d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f0401fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Badge = 0x7f120350
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0d013e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f130009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_delete_all_leaks_title = 0x7f110077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f0801a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f12025d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/LoadingImageView = 0x7f13004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0c0019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f0801a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_off_ramp_slight_right = 0x7f080110
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_snap_to_route = 0x7f110052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dark = 0x7f090097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f060359
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_track_decoration = 0x7f0801a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed = 0x7f08019e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked = 0x7f08019d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_about_enable_heap_dump = 0x7f11006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/light_blue_A400 = 0x7f060374
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked = 0x7f080198
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f080194
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f090038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_ic_check_mark = 0x7f08018d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f080189
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked = 0x7f080185
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1203e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f08017c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked = 0x7f08019a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f080179
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_badge = 0x7f0901de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f040390
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0122
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f040088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0602c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_user_stroke_icon = 0x7f080172
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_rounded_corner = 0x7f08016c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_mylocation_icon_bearing = 0x7f080169
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_markerview_icon_default = 0x7f080167
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f120280
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f060061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_info_icon_default = 0x7f080162
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f1203b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_off_ramp_slight_left = 0x7f0800b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0112
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_info_bg_selector = 0x7f080161
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f040091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f090083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f07021e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_compass_icon = 0x7f080160
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f040569
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/map_marker_dark = 0x7f08015e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f040210
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f080157
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f130052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/description = 0x7f090274
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_password_eye = 0x7f080156
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f04029f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1201cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_dragged_outline_color = 0x7f0d00ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/logo = 0x7f080152
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1200d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_row_title_margin_top = 0x7f0700ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_label_text_type = 0x7f0d009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_tv_icon = 0x7f080151
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f120413
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_roundabout = 0x7f0800c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f120105
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_secondary_button = 0x7f08014d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f040159
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.Icon = 0x7f12035e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_icon_foreground = 0x7f080146
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_icon = 0x7f080145
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_dump = 0x7f080143
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Search = 0x7f1202c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f06001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f1100ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f09023f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f0900b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/wide = 0x7f090269
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/dummy_button = 0x7f11014c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchbar_elevation = 0x7f0701f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_off_route_detection = 0x7f110050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f040170
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f090157
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/sound_chip_background = 0x7f0801b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/indeterminate_static = 0x7f08013b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1202ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_wrong_directions = 0x7f08013a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_search_black_24 = 0x7f080135
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_route_preview = 0x7f080133
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0159
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_refresh = 0x7f08012d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f04049d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_not_allowed_unfilled = 0x7f08012c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon.Elevated = 0x7f120379
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_not_allowed = 0x7f08012a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07013c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_call_decline_low = 0x7f0800e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_turn_45 = 0x7f08011d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_scrim = 0x7f0901a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_turn_30 = 0x7f08011b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_progress = 0x7f06026f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_toast_icon_tv_padding = 0x7f0700b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal_background = 0x7f08008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_max_width = 0x7f0700ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f040293
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_turn_0 = 0x7f080119
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f040453
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/maplibre_infowindow_content = 0x7f0c0055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonSize = 0x7f04009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_roundabout_slight_right = 0x7f080117
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background = 0x7f0601d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_roundabout_right = 0x7f080113
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f070032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f0404d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1203f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f12025b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f060119
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_roundabout_left = 0x7f080112
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120455
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_roundabout = 0x7f080111
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f040174
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_off_ramp_slight_left = 0x7f08010f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_off_ramp_right = 0x7f08010e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070146
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_turn_45_left = 0x7f08011e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_fork_right = 0x7f080107
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f1201d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f04045c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f120329
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/pin = 0x7f0901b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/scroll = 0x7f0901d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_pulsingLocationCircleColor = 0x7f040314
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f12001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f04008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f040108
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral94 = 0x7f06014c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_unchecked = 0x7f11011b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f040272
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maneuverViewPrimaryColor = 0x7f0402da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0131
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_depart_left = 0x7f080101
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f090010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_turn_left = 0x7f0800c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f070016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_depart = 0x7f080100
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1202c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0600ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_arrow_head_casting = 0x7f0800d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_arrive_left = 0x7f0800fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f0602d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/startVertical = 0x7f090211
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_arrive = 0x7f0800fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_m3_chip_close = 0x7f0800fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f08001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f130075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_lane_uturn = 0x7f0800f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Right = 0x7f12018f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_exit_arrow_right = 0x7f0800ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_delete_black_24dp = 0x7f0800ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_tick_radius = 0x7f07031a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionMode = 0x7f1203f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/instructionListLayout = 0x7f0900ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f04045e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_gray_light = 0x7f06007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f060318
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_confusing_directions_filled = 0x7f0800eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f0403a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_close = 0x7f0800e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120266
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0c001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_accent_dark = 0x7f06025a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_about_menu = 0x7f11006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceTitleMedium = 0x7f0404dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f04055e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_clear = 0x7f0800e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Search.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1203d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_width = 0x7f070192
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_circle = 0x7f0800e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ActionBar = 0x7f12028c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f07032b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_call_answer_video_low = 0x7f0800e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f090055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/path_percent = 0x7f0403f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_call_answer_low = 0x7f0800de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2 = 0x7f070222
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f13003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_bad_route = 0x7f0800da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f040154
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/expanded_navigation_notification_layout = 0x7f0c0036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_arrow_head_casing = 0x7f0800d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/feedback_progress_drawable = 0x7f0800d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/src_over = 0x7f09020a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_clear_black_24 = 0x7f0800e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_more_size = 0x7f0700aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/activity_valhalla_navigation = 0x7f0c0021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_turn_sharp_right = 0x7f0800cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f040258
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f080124
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_turn_sharp_left = 0x7f0800ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/snap = 0x7f0901fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f040530
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_roundabout_sharp_left = 0x7f0800c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f08002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_roundabout_right = 0x7f0800c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_more_stroke_width = 0x7f0700ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/activity_navigation_ui = 0x7f0c001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/light = 0x7f09013a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f12008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f060317
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1203d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_marker_icon_default = 0x7f080166
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_off_ramp_slight_right = 0x7f0800b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_notification_straight = 0x7f0800b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/maneuverView = 0x7f090142
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1203e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_notification_left = 0x7f0800af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_merge_right = 0x7f0800ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f09014f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f110062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_infowindow_tipview_width = 0x7f070242
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0d003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/adjust_width = 0x7f09004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0c0016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f04028a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f070271
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/withinBounds = 0x7f09026c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f120432
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_fork_left = 0x7f0800a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f090023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_toggle_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_fork = 0x7f0800a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_end_of_road_left = 0x7f0800a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f1203b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f120429
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070183
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f04046a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f120262
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_view_invisible = 0x7f0a0041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_arrive_left = 0x7f08009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f040274
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0f0000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_arrive = 0x7f08009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f12008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialDivider = 0x7f120442
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f070353
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f090043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f060351
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_color = 0x7f0d0154
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f12042f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1202cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f07020e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f08009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f04044f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f070075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f080099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f070099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f080097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f080091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_edit_text = 0x7f0901a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/turnLaneLayout = 0x7f090255
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark = 0x7f080083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0d0172
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f08007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Badge.Large.Shape = 0x7f120160
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120241
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f080078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f09003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0602ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f080070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f13003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f120155
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f070307
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_minZoom = 0x7f04030f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f12046b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerLarge = 0x7f040440
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f1203c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light = 0x7f1202b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f040022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f12045b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0400f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f08006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f08006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.StateLayer.Shape = 0x7f12016f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f120305
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d00dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f08006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f04043d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f080067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f130051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f080057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/sound_layout = 0x7f0c0090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0c0086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f040224
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f040198
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f080064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120288
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d0160
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickRadiusActive = 0x7f040510
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d00e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_checked = 0x7f1100e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/bottomsheet_action_collapse = 0x7f110020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f07026f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f080062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f04028b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f120453
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular = 0x7f1100b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse_disable_only = 0x7f060307
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/startRouteButton = 0x7f09020e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0900ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f08005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f08005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_notification_retained_objects = 0x7f090129
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1200a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f080054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f0701a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f080052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeWithTextShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f070264
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f0401fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f110113
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f080031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f08001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f12008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f04023c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_checked = 0x7f1100e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface = 0x7f060210
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f07026e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0d005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f080051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f120434
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f08004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f120139
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f080048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/instructionLayoutText = 0x7f0900fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f0600ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f13002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f06005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/call_notification_ongoing_text = 0x7f11002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnSecondaryContainer = 0x7f04010e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f08003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_mylocation_bg_shape = 0x7f080168
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint = 0x7f0600d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f040493
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/coordinator = 0x7f09008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_help = 0x7f060090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f080035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_bright = 0x7f0602fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f040070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f08002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_header_container_height = 0x7f07011d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/alert_view_layout = 0x7f0c0022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f08002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dragRight = 0x7f0900b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f0901f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_radiobutton_ripple = 0x7f080158
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1203e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigationLayout = 0x7f090180
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f04046c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f0401f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1200cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/instructionViewLayout = 0x7f090102
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/routeModerateCongestionColor = 0x7f040429
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f080036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f08001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f08001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0162
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f07022e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f040358
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f130001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0701c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f0404af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long3 = 0x7f0a0016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__1 = 0x7f08001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_turn_75 = 0x7f08011f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f1203b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f040470
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary20 = 0x7f06017b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f120137
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f1201c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0403e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_gpsDrawable = 0x7f040303
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0149
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary = 0x7f06020c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1203eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_header_text = 0x7f090116
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/x_right = 0x7f090271
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked__0 = 0x7f080013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f08000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f08000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f070306
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f040267
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_turn_slight_left = 0x7f0800cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_height = 0x7f070191
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f07001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/light_blue_A200 = 0x7f060373
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/lane_right_only = 0x7f08013e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f04013e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_bad_route_unfilled = 0x7f0800dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f0702c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1203cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_toolbar = 0x7f0901a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/report_problem = 0x7f11012c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/wayname_view_height = 0x7f070358
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_row_text = 0x7f09012e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_opacity = 0x7f0701a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f07034f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/circleCrop = 0x7f0400d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Full = 0x7f120174
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/channel_name = 0x7f11002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f07034d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f120108
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f070337
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f04025c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Filled = 0x7f12036f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f1100ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigationMapView = 0x7f090181
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/route_overview_buffer_padding = 0x7f070349
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Button = 0x7f1203bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f040393
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f07033f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/menu = 0x7f04037b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_confusing_directions_unfilled = 0x7f0800ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data = 0x7f1100b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f06004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f04018c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f04052f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f070334
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/summary_peek_layout = 0x7f0c0095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f0702a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0600e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f110107
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0602d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f07032e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_primary_text_dark = 0x7f06026e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f09001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f070321
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Surface = 0x7f12038f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f070320
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/call_notification_hang_up_action = 0x7f110028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f07031d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f0702fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/m3_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0c0050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/activity_main = 0x7f0c001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f07031c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f1201da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f130024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/time = 0x7f090241
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_tick_min_spacing = 0x7f070319
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f070316
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f130073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_unchecked = 0x7f08018f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_container_elevation = 0x7f07018a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_mock_navigation = 0x7f11013f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelSmall = 0x7f1201eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f120466
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f070312
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/slide = 0x7f0901f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f0702af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.AppBarLayout = 0x7f12034b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f120302
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f060358
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f0404e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f120277
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/leak_canary_LeakCanary.Base = 0x7f120473
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f070310
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_notification_analysis_result = 0x7f090124
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f12011e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f07030c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f0403e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f08004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f090046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1200e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialDividerStyle = 0x7f040361
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1202bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f0402c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1203df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f07030a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f120471
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f070309
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral20 = 0x7f06013e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelLarge = 0x7f1201fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_switch_text_padding = 0x7f070324
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f0702c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f120372
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f060158
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/maplibre_mapActionDescription = 0x7f1100c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f040476
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f0702fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f04020f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f04021d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f0402b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f0702fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceLabelLarge = 0x7f0404cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/instruction_background = 0x7f08013c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f0702f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f040176
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1200f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d0121
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f0702f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f04034c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_tab_background = 0x7f08014e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0702ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f08017a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabAnchorMode = 0x7f0401d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f0702c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_indeterminate = 0x7f1100ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0702ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0702e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/percent = 0x7f0901b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f1201c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f0403f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f09001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f120236
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f04035c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f12040b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_infowindow_margin = 0x7f070241
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0d013b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0602fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/rerouting = 0x7f11012d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f120247
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_accent_text_dark = 0x7f06025c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0d00f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f07030f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_hour_24h_suffix = 0x7f1100cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0702fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f0702e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0600fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f0602d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0602bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f070054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f070347
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f0702da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12024d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f04040b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/south = 0x7f0901ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0702d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f060195
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1202b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary = 0x7f0601ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_gray_darkest_25p = 0x7f060079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f0702cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f0702cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_error = 0x7f0601d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/cache_measures = 0x7f09006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f12010c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f0702cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f0402bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f02001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f0702c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f110016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f0404f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f04026a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f0702c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f1201dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07015a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f0702c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f1100b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Title = 0x7f1201fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_generating_hq_bitmap_toast_failure_notice = 0x7f11007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f1201c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f12029b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/visible = 0x7f090264
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long4 = 0x7f0a0013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f040394
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f0404f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f040146
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0602a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f0702bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f0702bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f090176
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_short_array = 0x7f06008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/speed_text_size = 0x7f07034b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f0702ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f0702b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant92 = 0x7f0600ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0d00bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f0702ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f0702ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f120394
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d016a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fullscreenBackgroundColor = 0x7f04056e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_container_color = 0x7f0d0052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f0702a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f040080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0c002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f07000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f12000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f120343
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f0702a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialSearchViewStyle = 0x7f040368
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f060353
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f040528
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f06036d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f0702a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f07029b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f070301
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_maxZoom = 0x7f04030d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f060238
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f07029a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemTextAppearanceActiveBoldEnabled = 0x7f040268
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f070297
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f070293
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f070292
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f070291
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f06010a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f07026c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f040193
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f070290
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/wrap = 0x7f09026d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_base = 0x7f0700f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary = 0x7f060218
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f0401c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f0402a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f120264
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f07028f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f12039a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/line3 = 0x7f09013c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0900d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0145
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/edit_text_id = 0x7f0900bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbHeight = 0x7f0404fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f070284
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_search_button = 0x7f090130
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f070288
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f120188
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f120399
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f070283
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1202fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0c002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_minZoomIconScale = 0x7f040310
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f09005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/staggered = 0x7f04046e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f07027f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070127
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_bad_route_filled = 0x7f0800db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f0400bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f07027c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f13006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f130028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07027a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f12041c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0600c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120100
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigationView = 0x7f090182
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f070279
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f120156
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f070275
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f1202d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/divider = 0x7f040185
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_side_sheet_width = 0x7f0701ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f070274
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f120211
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f07026d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/checkbox = 0x7f09007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral92 = 0x7f0600e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f070263
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f090227
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f070268
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f070332
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f0600b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120229
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/upDuration = 0x7f04054a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Outlined = 0x7f120370
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom = 0x7f0701d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_large_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f0701d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0701ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f040285
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f070260
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1200a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/icon_only = 0x7f0900ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0701ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f04016b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level3 = 0x7f07020a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1202fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12023b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_vertical_gap = 0x7f07025a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/unchecked = 0x7f090257
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_label_text_type = 0x7f0d015f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f04048d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f070345
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f070257
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant24 = 0x7f0600f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/maplibre_LocationComponent = 0x7f13009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f0b000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f070256
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f06027f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f110060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/progress_circular = 0x7f0901bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f12017a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f090013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f070250
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f04049b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f080055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_primary_text = 0x7f060263
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_ninety_two_dp = 0x7f07024d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f070097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f12019b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_time_input_stroke_color = 0x7f060248
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/CustomNavigationMapRoute = 0x7f120124
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_my_locationview_outer_circle = 0x7f07024c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0401ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1200c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_minimum_scale_velocity = 0x7f07024b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/isMaterial3Theme = 0x7f04024c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f07025c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchview_elevation = 0x7f0701fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_motion_duration = 0x7f0a0037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_locationLayerTrackingMultiFingerMoveThreshold = 0x7f070246
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_install_title = 0x7f110036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f120216
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tintNavigationIcon = 0x7f040515
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_locationComponentTrackingInitialMoveThreshold = 0x7f070243
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0400ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/scrollView = 0x7f0901dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f0404f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_four_dp = 0x7f070240
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12024e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mapbox_defaultScaleSpanSinceStartThreshold = 0x7f070239
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f04034d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070234
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f040264
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f12005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f040444
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f070074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1200c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070232
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f070055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070228
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1200df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f040197
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/name = 0x7f090275
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationShort4 = 0x7f04039a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1 = 0x7f070223
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f090171
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f040132
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f07021d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container = 0x7f0601c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f120067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f130007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/labeled = 0x7f09010a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070217
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_component_navigation = 0x7f110047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/outline = 0x7f0901aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070214
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_headline_color = 0x7f0d0170
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0700ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/bestChoice = 0x7f090066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070213
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f07020f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Tertiary = 0x7f120398
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorErrorContainer = 0x7f040102
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f07030d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f07020d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_padding = 0x7f0700d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/view_transition = 0x7f09025f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1202ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level5 = 0x7f07020c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f04039d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/wayname_bottom_padding = 0x7f070355
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f040400
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f120040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level2 = 0x7f070209
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral60 = 0x7f060146
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_back_progress_main_container_max_translation_y = 0x7f0700c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level1 = 0x7f070208
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f060323
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f040141
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed = 0x7f06003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f12033f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f080053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f06018d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_side_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0701fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f040055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f060109
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_side_sheet_margin_detached = 0x7f0701fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary30 = 0x7f06016f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f040419
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_iconPaddingLeft = 0x7f040305
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f0404e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f070315
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f110066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1202d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1203ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_size = 0x7f0701f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120403
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchbar_height = 0x7f0701f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_progress_dark = 0x7f060272
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/groups = 0x7f0900e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top = 0x7f0701e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f12037e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f12020c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0c0073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f060355
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/instruction_viewholder_layout = 0x7f0c003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_vallhalla_navigation = 0x7f110053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_elevation = 0x7f070167
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f120215
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_off_ramp_right = 0x7f0800b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1200cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom_with_large_font = 0x7f0701e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f120213
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f07004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed = 0x7f080197
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/cos = 0x7f090090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_large_corner_family = 0x7f0a0024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f060154
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0701e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2 = 0x7f07022a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f04024a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f0701e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_height = 0x7f0701a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_checkbox_button_tint = 0x7f0600a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f070114
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0602a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f12043a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0701d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0701c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/m3_side_sheet_exit_to_right = 0x7f01002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle = 0x7f080155
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f06002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1203f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_dummy_toolbar = 0x7f0901a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0701c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f120454
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/item_main_feature = 0x7f0c003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f12030f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f0400a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/uniform = 0x7f090258
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_divider_heavy_thickness = 0x7f0701c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f04036d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f06029d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f060345
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_elevation = 0x7f0701c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal.Detached = 0x7f1203d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_color = 0x7f0d016f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0600ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleSmall = 0x7f120203
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_width = 0x7f0701af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/miles = 0x7f1100e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_track_opacity = 0x7f0701a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_opacity = 0x7f0701a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f080173
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f0801ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f0701a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/startIconScaleType = 0x7f040473
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f06018b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary20 = 0x7f060161
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f07019e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_pulsingLocationCircleInterpolator = 0x7f040318
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f080030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f0403f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/unmuted = 0x7f11014a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f07008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_width = 0x7f07019a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_leak_clipdata_label = 0x7f11008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f0402d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f040506
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f070194
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary50 = 0x7f060164
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_options_menu_permission_toast = 0x7f1100a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceDisplayLarge = 0x7f0404c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07018f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_opacity = 0x7f07016c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120263
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Sheet.Side.Docked.Container.Shape = 0x7f12016d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07018e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraTargetLng = 0x7f0402f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_permission_notification_text = 0x7f1100a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12027c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07013d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07018d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f040281
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_full_screen_header_container_height = 0x7f07018c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0600fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/md_grey_500 = 0x7f06031b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_timepicker_window_elevation = 0x7f070236
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/postLayout = 0x7f0901bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d00d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_scrim_container_opacity = 0x7f070184
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070180
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f080192
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0d00f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f0702e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07017e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2 = 0x7f07022c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070177
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemMinHeight = 0x7f040257
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_error_container = 0x7f0602e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeRadius = 0x7f040059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f0a002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f12028f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070174
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f040286
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f120433
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1200de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f070267
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f110114
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_group_name = 0x7f110116
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabAlignmentModeEndMargin = 0x7f0401d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f0403a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f070162
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error95 = 0x7f060137
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f0701a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f12025a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_arrow_up = 0x7f0800d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_elevation = 0x7f07015e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f0400de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f090224
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f13005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0a0000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/maplibre_attributionsIconContentDescription = 0x7f1100c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f040191
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f04041c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f04008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_icon_size = 0x7f070158
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error10 = 0x7f06012d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_analysing = 0x7f110093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f120234
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Insets = 0x7f13003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_opacity = 0x7f07019b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_container_width = 0x7f070155
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070152
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_info_icon_selected = 0x7f080163
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_continue_straight = 0x7f08009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f060155
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070151
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary = 0x7f0601c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_exceed_max_badge_text_suffix = 0x7f1100af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Slider = 0x7f1203da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_large_fab_size = 0x7f0701d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f0403dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0136
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0702d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f070041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_menu_container_color = 0x7f0d005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_width = 0x7f07014e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f04048e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f04048c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1200d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mapbox_internalMinSpan24 = 0x7f07023c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f11010e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d00dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0400f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f0901f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/leak_canary_exit_forward = 0x7f010022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f120310
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_width = 0x7f07016a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f06019f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070149
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f06015c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_height = 0x7f070148
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070182
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f04007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0700e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_color = 0x7f0d0005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f07033b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbIconTint = 0x7f040500
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070145
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_call_answer_video = 0x7f0800df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeText = 0x7f04005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f0403ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f070143
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f120445
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeCornerFamily = 0x7f040447
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:menu/menu_off_route_detection = 0x7f0e0000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container = 0x7f0601cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_size = 0x7f070280
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_text_field_disabled_active_indicator_opacity = 0x7f070141
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textStart = 0x7f090236
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070140
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_icon_size = 0x7f07013f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_locationLayerTrackingInitialMoveThreshold = 0x7f070245
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_avatar_size = 0x7f070185
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textBackground = 0x7f0404de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_fab_efab_background_color_selector = 0x7f0600bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed_variant = 0x7f06022a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0157
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07013e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f080174
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_selected_alpha = 0x7f070201
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f07003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1202cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f06001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_icon_size = 0x7f070137
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f1100d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dynamicColorThemeOverlay = 0x7f0401a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/round = 0x7f040425
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f07012d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f060115
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1200b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f07012a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f040219
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f06028e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f12040c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_container_elevation = 0x7f070125
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_disabled_container_elevation = 0x7f070120
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_height = 0x7f070119
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f060284
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_badge_large_size = 0x7f070116
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070115
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f090006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f070113
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_high = 0x7f06021d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_elevated_hovered_z = 0x7f070100
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f120014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f070017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_chip_icon_size = 0x7f070110
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1202c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f040238
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_height = 0x7f0701c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_chip_elevated_elevation = 0x7f07010e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialSearchViewToolbarHeight = 0x7f040369
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0c0057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_height = 0x7f070150
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f07010a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/spring = 0x7f090206
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error = 0x7f0602ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f09014b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1201e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f04026d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_size_max = 0x7f070108
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f090022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_carousel_debug_keyline_width = 0x7f070104
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_stroke_width = 0x7f070103
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1202c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0700fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_track = 0x7f08019f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f09014a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_card_stroke_color = 0x7f0600a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f0602ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_item_ripple_color = 0x7f0600cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_disabled_z = 0x7f0700fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_hovered = 0x7f0700fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f040263
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f04040f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationMedium4 = 0x7f040396
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f120415
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070210
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding = 0x7f0700ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_container_shape = 0x7f0d014f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0602c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0702d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dividerThickness = 0x7f04018b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f080063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0700e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f09017c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing = 0x7f0700e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f0402c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f070037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1 = 0x7f070221
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0700e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f060212
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary100 = 0x7f06016d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f0402b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0700e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_end_margin = 0x7f0700df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f06034f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f07003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0700dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0c007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_traffic = 0x7f080139
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_min_height = 0x7f0700d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0700d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f060009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/slide_up_top = 0x7f010035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f12001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f0404b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Large = 0x7f120386
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/number = 0x7f0403d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_turn_30_left = 0x7f08011c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_size = 0x7f0700d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f040480
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_height = 0x7f070111
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_x_distance_shrink = 0x7f0700c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors = 0x7f1202b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f040502
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f120118
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120349
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/soundLayout = 0x7f0901fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_offset = 0x7f0700cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_tabs_text_color = 0x7f060235
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f07033d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceContainerLowest = 0x7f04012e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/marginHorizontal = 0x7f04033d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f0404a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f0702bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f070088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f0702aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_x_distance_grow = 0x7f0700c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleLarge = 0x7f1201ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f040123
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_back_progress_main_container_min_edge_gap = 0x7f0700c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary10 = 0x7f060179
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f060129
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_appbar_size_medium = 0x7f0700c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_appbar_size_large = 0x7f0700c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_large_corner_family = 0x7f0a0021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_tint = 0x7f060349
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070129
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f08004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium = 0x7f0700bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewMapStyle = 0x7f0403ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_about_screen = 0x7f0c0040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_width = 0x7f070166
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large = 0x7f0700be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f04011c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d00b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f11010b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f060363
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_color = 0x7f0d010d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f07021f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin = 0x7f0700b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0d00b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewBannerSecondaryText = 0x7f0403c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/alert_progress_drawable = 0x7f080077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_toast_icon_size = 0x7f0700b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_secondary = 0x7f0602f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f040384
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_row_min = 0x7f0700ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120198
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error60 = 0x7f060133
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_row_margins = 0x7f0700ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f040351
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_vertical = 0x7f0701f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f070043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f060296
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceBodyLarge = 0x7f0404bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f040350
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f04006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/instruction_layout_height = 0x7f0700a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f12003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error50 = 0x7f060132
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f060329
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_lane_right = 0x7f0800f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f040221
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f1201d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f080188
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed_dim = 0x7f060202
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f040016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/on = 0x7f09019a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f120330
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewBannerBackground = 0x7f0403c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_alternative_congestion_yellow = 0x7f060251
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f07030b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f0403d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0c0032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_detached_container_shape = 0x7f0d0107
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060368
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_height = 0x7f070142
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/fab_margin = 0x7f070094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f130070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_color = 0x7f06009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_width = 0x7f07015f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_chip_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f07010f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f04014f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f0702ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f070062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawerLayoutCornerSize = 0x7f04019b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f070091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1201ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1200ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f07008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0400ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f07008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070294
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d015b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f070025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f12035f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/hide_ime_id = 0x7f0900e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0602bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_info_rectangle = 0x7f080149
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f070080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f040256
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f07007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_share_heap_dump_bitmap_screen_title = 0x7f1100a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f07007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f12046d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0404ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f1202c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f0702d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070231
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f060060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f07027d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f070076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f090158
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showTitle = 0x7f040452
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f08004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f070073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f04020a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f070071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f04000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked = 0x7f080182
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f070070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f07006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f07006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f120116
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_name = 0x7f1100e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/simulateRouteSwitch = 0x7f0901f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/masked = 0x7f090145
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed = 0x7f060036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1201f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f070063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1200a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f040069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f070061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f1201d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/autoComplete = 0x7f09005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary = 0x7f06020e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/component_navigation_route_camera_padding = 0x7f070060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f07005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral10 = 0x7f06013a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f07005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1203fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f07005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_notification_slight_right = 0x7f0800b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f070056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/wayname_padding_bottom = 0x7f070357
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/activity_vertical_margin = 0x7f070052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f070193
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/altSrc = 0x7f040030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0700f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/forceDefaultNavigationOnClickListener = 0x7f040211
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f040401
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f080041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/activity_horizontal_margin = 0x7f070051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f0404b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOutlineVariant = 0x7f040119
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f08018c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f070050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_tint = 0x7f060347
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f07004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_card_foreground_color = 0x7f0600a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f07004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f07004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f070045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f070044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f040408
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_list_selector = 0x7f08014b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f07003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f07003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/stop = 0x7f090217
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f07003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f0402d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f070039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f070036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized__highlighted_text = 0x7f0602da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120130
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1202f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0c006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f04041b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f070031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_elevated_chip_background_color = 0x7f0600be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f0702c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialSearchViewToolbarStyle = 0x7f04036a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f070030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f07002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f080068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f1201a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1200c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1202b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0600ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f120335
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_open_on_phone = 0x7f110040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f07007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f07002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationExtraLong2 = 0x7f04038c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/call_notification_screening_text = 0x7f11002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f07002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f0404e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0702e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0168
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0d00eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary100 = 0x7f06017a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f070024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f070020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f040346
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_height = 0x7f070132
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0602d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f040260
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/title = 0x7f040516
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f04004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/title_navigation_ui = 0x7f110142
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f0602c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f07001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f07033a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/leak_canary_plus_color = 0x7f0402bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_about_title = 0x7f110070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f040467
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface = 0x7f0601c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f070011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f070300
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f0404f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationExtraLong3 = 0x7f04038d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f07000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors.Empty = 0x7f1202b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_generating_hq_bitmap_toast_notice = 0x7f11007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f07000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f060321
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f07000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f120437
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f0702b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/east = 0x7f0900bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f04002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f070007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/barrier = 0x7f090062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/springMass = 0x7f040469
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f070005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0d011c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f070004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f110017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f1203d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/helperText = 0x7f04021c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f070003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/white = 0x7f06036f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_color = 0x7f0d0108
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f060369
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/graph = 0x7f0900e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TestNavigationViewLight = 0x7f12019f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f040432
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_heap_dump_disabled_by_app = 0x7f110083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1200c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f060364
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f060362
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f04034e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f060361
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070227
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:mipmap/leak_canary_icon = 0x7f0f0003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_switch_track_tint = 0x7f060190
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f1203b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f1200b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0701ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_toast_background = 0x7f080150
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0701e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary80 = 0x7f060174
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1200dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1201e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f06035c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0c005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f040279
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0602ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f06035b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f090168
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_unsupported_text = 0x7f11003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f1100b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f06028f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f0403d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f0600b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_container = 0x7f09003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f06029c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/disableHome = 0x7f0900a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f060357
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiAttributionMarginTop = 0x7f040326
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f07006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f12020b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f06034e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f060346
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f060343
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f060340
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f06033f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f06033e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f1203a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f040254
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_height = 0x7f070328
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f080190
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f040439
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f09017b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f0700a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f060120
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f110009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f06033d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f1201cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f06033c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f040460
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f060337
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f060335
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal = 0x7f080085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f060333
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f060332
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f06032e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f04008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_count_default = 0x7f060070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f060328
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f040446
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f0701b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/horizontalOffsetWithText = 0x7f04022c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxNumber = 0x7f040377
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button = 0x7f08017e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_margin_start_no_navigation_icon = 0x7f0701f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f060320
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/leak_canary_enter_alpha = 0x7f01001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f060348
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f110105
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/md_grey_900 = 0x7f06031e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/md_grey_700 = 0x7f06031c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewBannerPrimaryText = 0x7f0403c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f040555
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_control_normal = 0x7f0602df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/md_grey_400 = 0x7f06031a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0c0072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0d0050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f070019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f12023a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_color = 0x7f0d0106
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_size = 0x7f070327
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f060283
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f0402cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f060315
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar.Outlined = 0x7f1203d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0403e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral80 = 0x7f060148
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/min = 0x7f1100e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f040404
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f04024f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_control_highlight = 0x7f0602de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeHeight = 0x7f040058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f060314
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f130026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f04025f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f06030f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_hint_foreground_inverse = 0x7f06030b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070190
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f07008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_arrive_right = 0x7f08009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f1203e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level4 = 0x7f07020b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f12033b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse_disabled = 0x7f060309
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f120325
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f060310
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f06030e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f070118
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse = 0x7f060308
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/current_night_mode = 0x7f110043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_dim = 0x7f060221
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mapbox_defaultShovePixelThreshold = 0x7f07023a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070157
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f06028c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f090107
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_text_hint_foreground_inverse = 0x7f060305
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f0404bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_primary_text_dark = 0x7f060264
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f04025e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f04049e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchbar_outlined_stroke_width = 0x7f0701f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary_container = 0x7f060304
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f06035a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f12007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f0404aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f1100c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120223
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f11012a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_reference = 0x7f060092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_yellow_button_pressed = 0x7f060096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f130059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Variant = 0x7f130096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/callMeasure = 0x7f090070
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_variant = 0x7f060302
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f040422
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline = 0x7f060214
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_color = 0x7f0d010c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_inverse = 0x7f060301
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_text = 0x7f0602f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_primary_inverse = 0x7f0602f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/maplibre_attributionsDialogTitle = 0x7f1100c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f070009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_primary_container = 0x7f0602f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_primary = 0x7f0602f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f120133
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_chip_dragged_translation_z = 0x7f07010d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/position = 0x7f0901ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_outline_variant = 0x7f0602ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0d003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070323
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f07028d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f04029d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f12026d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f060151
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0602ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f0402a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_eight_dp = 0x7f07023f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f120041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f060220
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_pulsingLocationCircleRadius = 0x7f040319
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f1202e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0602eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/is_pooling_container_tag = 0x7f090105
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_inverse = 0x7f0602ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface = 0x7f0602e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked = 0x7f08019c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f08007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary = 0x7f0602e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_on_ramp_slight_right = 0x7f0800bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f130090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_lane_straight = 0x7f0800f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0400d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f06000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f04019c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/bottomSheetDragHandleStyle = 0x7f040081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f12005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0400d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary = 0x7f0602e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f1202d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0700dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/offsetAlignmentMode = 0x7f0403d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_timepicker_cancel = 0x7f11011e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f090228
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0400ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_icon_size = 0x7f070169
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f09022a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_error = 0x7f0602e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0400ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f040231
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_control_activated = 0x7f0602dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/contiguous = 0x7f09008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized__highlighted_text_inverse = 0x7f0602db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long4 = 0x7f0a0017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.DragHandle = 0x7f120359
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f07028b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f0602d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0602d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_list = 0x7f0800f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal_background = 0x7f080086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_car_top = 0x7f0800e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maneuverViewSecondaryColor = 0x7f0402db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_call_decline = 0x7f0800e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f0400a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_harmonized_color_error_container = 0x7f0602cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f0602c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f0602c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0602b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f070026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0c0030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_alternative_color = 0x7f06024f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0133
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0602c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0d00c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0602be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0602bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/minHeight = 0x7f04037f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0700f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f0402ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f0404d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0602b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f0702d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_weekdays_label_text_color = 0x7f0d001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0602b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f0404be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end = 0x7f0701da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f040207
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0602b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:array/route_profile_array = 0x7f030002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/sin = 0x7f0901f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f13000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shouldRemoveExpandedCorners = 0x7f040449
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0602af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0602a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_leak_missing_browser_error = 0x7f110090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f07026a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f1100d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_small_corner_family = 0x7f0a0026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f06029a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiLogo = 0x7f040332
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackInsideCornerSize = 0x7f04053b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_disabled = 0x7f080090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f0702f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f060298
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_icon_button_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0600c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f060295
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f040490
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f060294
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_icon_button_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f07016b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1202bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f060293
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f06028d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f0404ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f060289
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/NavigationBarActiveIndicator = 0x7f13006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeVerticalPadding = 0x7f040060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_connector_stroke_size = 0x7f0700a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_color_light_error_container = 0x7f060281
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f06027e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/imageAspectRatio = 0x7f040239
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_elevation = 0x7f0701c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f12019d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070175
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f06027d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_divider_color = 0x7f06027b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f0403d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f0403fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f040025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f06027a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f060278
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f060277
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_size_min = 0x7f070109
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0c000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f060276
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_secondary_dark = 0x7f060274
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f07008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f0402ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Badge = 0x7f130013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1200ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f12032f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_size = 0x7f0700eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f120206
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f060101
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_progress_background = 0x7f060270
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_roundabout_sharp_right = 0x7f0800c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_button_ripple_color = 0x7f06009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_primary_text = 0x7f06026d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1202fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/upcomingManeuverArrowBorderColor = 0x7f04054b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f0400aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_heap_dump_leaks = 0x7f090117
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f04056b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f12022c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_list_background = 0x7f060269
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/leak_canary_enter_backward = 0x7f01001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeWidth = 0x7f040062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_secondary_text_dark = 0x7f060266
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f120425
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_maneuver_secondary = 0x7f060261
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f070282
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/content = 0x7f09008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_divider = 0x7f060267
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_maneuver_primary_dark = 0x7f060260
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_background = 0x7f06025d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top = 0x7f0701dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f07031f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_accent = 0x7f060259
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_layer_congestion_red = 0x7f060254
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_unselected_outline_color = 0x7f0d000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_layer_blue = 0x7f060253
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0100
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f04052d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0600e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0602ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_alternative_congestion_red = 0x7f060250
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingLinearInterpolator = 0x7f0403a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f070255
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_location_layer_blue = 0x7f06024d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/lane_right = 0x7f08013d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_gray_dark = 0x7f06024c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/curveFit = 0x7f040169
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_gray = 0x7f06024b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f04001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0d0117
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060249
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color = 0x7f060247
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_display_text_color = 0x7f060245
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_slider_handle_color = 0x7f0d010f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_button_background_color = 0x7f06023f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f04023d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_menu_elevation = 0x7f0701d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/TOP_START = 0x7f09000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f04039f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f0400b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0602b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraPitchMin = 0x7f0402f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_textfield_label_color = 0x7f06023d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f04029b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_textfield_indicator_text_color = 0x7f06023b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f0702ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f040149
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_textfield_filled_background_color = 0x7f06023a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f12012d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f06010c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_tabs_text_color_secondary = 0x7f060236
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f0601a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f120285
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/pathRelative = 0x7f0901b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f0401d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f06010e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Legacy.Label = 0x7f1203dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_backgroundStaleTintColor = 0x7f0402e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070163
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f0700da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_gray_lightest = 0x7f06007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f040023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f06030d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color_secondary = 0x7f060234
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f09020d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_route_preview_dark = 0x7f080134
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f04046f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_default = 0x7f09003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070172
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_back_progress_bottom_container_max_scale_x_distance = 0x7f0700c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f0403bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_tabs_icon_color_secondary = 0x7f060232
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0139
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed_dim = 0x7f060230
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_class_has_leaked = 0x7f110074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f06022f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary10 = 0x7f06015f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_end_navigation = 0x7f11004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickRadiusInactive = 0x7f040511
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_background_color = 0x7f06006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed = 0x7f06022d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_loading_title = 0x7f110092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_analysis_success_notification = 0x7f110073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_primary_fixed_dim = 0x7f06022c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_container_color = 0x7f0d00e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_roundabout_straight = 0x7f0800c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f070331
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed_variant = 0x7f060228
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f120451
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f070064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed = 0x7f060227
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_error = 0x7f0602e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_avatar_avatar_size = 0x7f07014a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070128
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f0402b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f060224
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary = 0x7f060223
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container = 0x7f06021c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface = 0x7f06021a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f040466
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary = 0x7f060216
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f06020d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f12032c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f070165
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textInputOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0404ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_error_container = 0x7f060205
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f040522
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_locationComponentTrackingMultiFingerMoveThreshold = 0x7f070244
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f04004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f120138
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/cradle = 0x7f090092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_fork_straight = 0x7f0800a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0400e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/whatsapp_image_2025_01_29_at_12_12_56 = 0x7f0801ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f04027f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f090225
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:array/language_array = 0x7f030000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f07006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary = 0x7f0601f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal = 0x7f080093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_dim = 0x7f0601f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy = 0x7f12037f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f06000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_divider_dark = 0x7f060268
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light = 0x7f080088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f07006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_error_container = 0x7f0601dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background = 0x7f0601db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070176
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f070087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_navigation_ui = 0x7f11004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f070001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraZoomMax = 0x7f0402f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f060003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.Material3.Search = 0x7f120044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f07004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f040295
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary = 0x7f0601d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f1202ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_dim = 0x7f0601d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0602c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/parentRelative = 0x7f0901b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary = 0x7f0601e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface = 0x7f0601ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Elevated = 0x7f12036e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary = 0x7f0601c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f0601be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_error = 0x7f0601ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0c0014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f070082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/divider = 0x7f0900ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f1203e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background = 0x7f0601b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_error = 0x7f0601b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f040233
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bl_arrowPosition = 0x7f0402e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background = 0x7f0601b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationLong4 = 0x7f040392
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary = 0x7f0601b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120191
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/verticalOffsetWithText = 0x7f040552
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_dim = 0x7f0601af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_datepicker_elevation = 0x7f0701c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface = 0x7f0601a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/info = 0x7f0900fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_elevation = 0x7f0700e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f120361
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small = 0x7f12010b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_bright = 0x7f0601a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f12046c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline = 0x7f0601a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f060053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f04034a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/background_material_light = 0x7f060020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_roundabout_straight = 0x7f080118
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary = 0x7f06019a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_header_headline_type = 0x7f0d001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f060198
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f070299
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1 = 0x7f0a0018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/cut = 0x7f090096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f09024d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f070335
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f070338
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f08005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary99 = 0x7f060184
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary60 = 0x7f06017f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationDrawer.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f120167
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f070336
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f040250
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/summary_bottomsheet_height = 0x7f07034c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary30 = 0x7f06017c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiCompassGravity = 0x7f04032b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f07031b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f04044a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_progress_background_dark = 0x7f060271
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f12006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bearingTintColor = 0x7f0402e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary95 = 0x7f060176
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1 = 0x7f07022b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0602e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary70 = 0x7f060173
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_backgroundDrawable = 0x7f0402e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary60 = 0x7f060172
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_off_ramp_left = 0x7f0800b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error70 = 0x7f060134
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f070311
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary10 = 0x7f06016c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary0 = 0x7f06016b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_pulsingLocationCircleAlpha = 0x7f040313
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f040248
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subheaderInsetStart = 0x7f040487
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f070262
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_badge_size = 0x7f070117
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f12018a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2 = 0x7f07021a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_dump_heap = 0x7f110079
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1203de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f0400df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral6 = 0x7f060145
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary90 = 0x7f060168
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f04003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary80 = 0x7f060167
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f060288
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary70 = 0x7f060166
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationLightTheme = 0x7f0403bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedState = 0x7f0400c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary60 = 0x7f060165
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary100 = 0x7f060160
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f06034b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary0 = 0x7f06015e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1 = 0x7f070219
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_button_text_color = 0x7f060241
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialDividerHeavyStyle = 0x7f040360
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f13006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f06015d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f040504
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f04014e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f06015a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f070040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f060159
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/iconSize = 0x7f040232
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error = 0x7f06020a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f04005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2 = 0x7f070224
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f060157
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container = 0x7f060219
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral87 = 0x7f0600e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Medium = 0x7f120387
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f060153
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral95 = 0x7f06014d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f040561
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f070354
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_sound_off = 0x7f080137
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060365
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_alignment = 0x7f0400a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070164
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral70 = 0x7f060147
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f040229
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_headline_type = 0x7f0d0171
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral50 = 0x7f060144
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral40 = 0x7f060143
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral30 = 0x7f060141
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_minimum_scale_span_when_rotating = 0x7f070249
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0602ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral17 = 0x7f06013d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/ALT = 0x7f090000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showPaths = 0x7f040450
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral0 = 0x7f060139
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a0034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0602ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error99 = 0x7f060138
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070205
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_color = 0x7f0d0007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error90 = 0x7f060136
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f0402c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f070090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f060006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error80 = 0x7f060135
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_depart_left = 0x7f0800a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error30 = 0x7f060130
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error20 = 0x7f06012f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error0 = 0x7f06012c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f0402d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bl_arrowHeight = 0x7f0402e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f06009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/spinBars = 0x7f040463
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subheaderInsetEnd = 0x7f040486
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1200a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0602a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_error_container = 0x7f0601d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f09017a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f09002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_on_ramp_sharp_left = 0x7f0800bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/originWaypointIcon = 0x7f0403e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f06012a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorPrimaryInverse = 0x7f04011f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_container_shape = 0x7f0d015e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_arrow_head = 0x7f0800d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f060128
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f0701a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOutline = 0x7f040118
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingStandardInterpolator = 0x7f0403a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_count_new = 0x7f060071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f060127
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f060126
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/showTitle = 0x7f0901f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f040014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f0602e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f060121
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f120430
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f060327
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f1201a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0c006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/endIconMinSize = 0x7f0401ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f06011f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f06011b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f06012b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary90 = 0x7f060182
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/all = 0x7f090052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f06011a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f060118
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f04050e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f060117
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f060116
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral92 = 0x7f06014b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/escape = 0x7f0900c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f090026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_connector_leak_dash_line = 0x7f0700a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0c008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0c0082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f060114
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f060113
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f04035e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f11001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f04019e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_location_layer_gray = 0x7f06024e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f130034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f0901e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f060112
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/m3_side_sheet_enter_from_right = 0x7f01002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_card_icon_size = 0x7f070122
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface = 0x7f0601ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary95 = 0x7f060169
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f13008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar = 0x7f1203f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f060110
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0600dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f06010f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1200f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f120337
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f040199
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f060011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f06010b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f090155
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0602a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f1203ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant98 = 0x7f060103
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_clock_dial_selector_handle_container_color = 0x7f0d014d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_dim = 0x7f060300
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f0402d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant94 = 0x7f060100
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error40 = 0x7f060131
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_lane_right_only = 0x7f0800f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0600f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant22 = 0x7f0600f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0600f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f12027b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant12 = 0x7f0600f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0600ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral98 = 0x7f0600eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/immediateStop = 0x7f0900f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0600e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0600e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textInputFilledDenseStyle = 0x7f0404e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSecondaryFixedDim = 0x7f040126
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/side_sheet_behavior = 0x7f110136
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Transform = 0x7f130094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f090009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subheaderTextAppearance = 0x7f040488
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0600e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f070072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral4 = 0x7f0600de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_popup_window_transparent = 0x7f08016b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral24 = 0x7f0600dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral22 = 0x7f0600db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0600da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f060354
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_textfield_stroke_color = 0x7f06023e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral17 = 0x7f0600d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f1201d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_calendar_item_disabled_text = 0x7f0600a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0400eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_primary_inverse_text_disable_only = 0x7f06030c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiAttributionMarginBottom = 0x7f040323
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral12 = 0x7f0600d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d00f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f0404d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0600d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f060342
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_fork_slight_left = 0x7f0800a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_black = 0x7f0600d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f120048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/match_parent = 0x7f090147
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f0600cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120199
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_layer_below = 0x7f040309
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f070197
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f0600c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f070258
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f070168
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_fab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f0702ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f060106
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f1100bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f0600b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f070313
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabSize = 0x7f0401db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f040284
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f110127
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f040556
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/stepSecondaryText = 0x7f090216
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f070000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f070340
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f060188
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f0600ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left = 0x7f0700f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f0800f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_chip_text_color = 0x7f0600ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0c0024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_chip_background_color = 0x7f0600a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f0901db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long1 = 0x7f0a0010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_navigation_button_about = 0x7f09011e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f040388
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f13007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_chip_assist_text_color = 0x7f0600a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral96 = 0x7f0600ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu = 0x7f1203cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f120095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_card_ripple_color = 0x7f0600a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_display_height = 0x7f07024f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070212
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0403e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0602ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120406
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_button_outline_color_selector = 0x7f06009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f060285
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f07012f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f04055d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f06009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral12 = 0x7f06013c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_tabs_background = 0x7f08015a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_assist_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f060099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal_background = 0x7f080094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0d00fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_size = 0x7f0700b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color = 0x7f060098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_appbar_overlay_color = 0x7f060097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f070186
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f09000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_yellow_button = 0x7f060095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f040223
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f0901d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_yellow = 0x7f060094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_white = 0x7f060093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f07028a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_leak = 0x7f060091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_zygote = 0x7f06008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/chains = 0x7f09007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f090042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_other = 0x7f06008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_object_array = 0x7f06008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnTertiaryContainer = 0x7f040115
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f090185
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/m3_motion_fade_exit = 0x7f01002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_long_array = 0x7f06008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_background = 0x7f060191
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_int_array = 0x7f060088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f0602cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_image = 0x7f060085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_float_array = 0x7f060083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant17 = 0x7f0600f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_double_array = 0x7f060082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_slider_active_track_color_legacy = 0x7f060189
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/relativeLayout = 0x7f0901c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_primary40 = 0x7f060163
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_class_dump = 0x7f060081
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f040566
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_boolean_array = 0x7f06007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f070196
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f0401c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f06011e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/imageView6 = 0x7f09027b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_gray_darkest = 0x7f060078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f040128
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/googleg_disabled_color_18 = 0x7f0800d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width = 0x7f070235
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f0404f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f13000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transition_image_transform = 0x7f09024e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f040007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f040297
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_gray = 0x7f060075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_icon_size = 0x7f070153
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f060201
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_class_name = 0x7f06006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_bottom_menu = 0x7f06006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f070134
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f06006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1200c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060066
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewProgress = 0x7f0403cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f040355
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f0701aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_selected_container_color = 0x7f0d001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f060062
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f06005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0702ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_navigation = 0x7f080127
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f0801b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dividerInsetEnd = 0x7f040188
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f120218
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f08008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f1100de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f040151
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f0a0027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_hprof_string = 0x7f060084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d0130
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f060041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchview_divider_size = 0x7f0701f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0600f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f120321
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary0 = 0x7f060178
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f0403f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f040413
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f060037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_badge_large_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f080069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_opacity = 0x7f07016e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0403ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f060035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0d0120
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/constraintRotate = 0x7f040139
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f0404d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f060331
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/searchview_clear_text_content_description = 0x7f110132
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070126
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f040015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f0400be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/onCross = 0x7f0403da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f0403d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_layer_above = 0x7f040308
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f06002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/triggerId = 0x7f040546
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0900ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_foregroundStaleTintColor = 0x7f040301
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnContainer = 0x7f040104
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f0404d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/call_notification_decline_color = 0x7f06002a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewSecondaryText = 0x7f0403d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/call_notification_answer_color = 0x7f060029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_toast_text = 0x7f090136
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f070272
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f060124
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f060015
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_bar = 0x7f0901df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f06000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f040054
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f06000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f0401a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f07022f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f040434
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0900dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default = 0x7f060038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f060002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/month_grid = 0x7f090160
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_gray_darkest_40p = 0x7f06007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f120402
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f0403e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f040192
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f040558
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f040241
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f080050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f0702b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f06004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/leak_canary_allow_in_non_debuggable_build = 0x7f050004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/summaryPeekContent = 0x7f090220
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f120293
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f040147
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/leak_canary_add_launcher_icon = 0x7f050003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0143
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbIconSize = 0x7f0404ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f0600b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f04013d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f0600b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f0402c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f060032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/ignore = 0x7f0900f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/leak_canary_add_dynamic_shortcut = 0x7f050002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1200c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f040270
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f1202ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral24 = 0x7f060140
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0c0061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f040380
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/routeSevereCongestionColor = 0x7f04042b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f1202aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f1202a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f1201b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f040559
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0700e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/map_style_dark = 0x7f1100bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f12034e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0701f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f04052a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0d002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f04054f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_apiBaseUri = 0x7f0402df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_staleStateTimeout = 0x7f04031c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f040543
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f04047c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f0404f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f0702d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f040438
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f040551
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceInverse = 0x7f040130
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f04053f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bl_arrowWidth = 0x7f0402ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f080056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0400c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorPrimaryFixed = 0x7f04011d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_stop_indicator_size = 0x7f07017a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/summaryPeekLayout = 0x7f090221
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedIconGravity = 0x7f0400bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f040280
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_iconPaddingBottom = 0x7f040304
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f04037a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/useDrawerArrowDrawable = 0x7f04054e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f04053a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f040534
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f0402d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackColor = 0x7f040533
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f04017f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f1203c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/ime_secondary_split_test_activity = 0x7f0c0038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_elevation = 0x7f0402fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f04002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f070278
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f07004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f060068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/CTRL = 0x7f090003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0c006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f06001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_extra = 0x7f060074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f040402
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f04028e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_width = 0x7f0701ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/startIconMinSize = 0x7f040472
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f0600a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_turn_75_left = 0x7f080120
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f040001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f04051a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container = 0x7f0602fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f040517
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f040083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f0402ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoShowKeyboard = 0x7f040044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f06001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f0601d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fitStart = 0x7f0900d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120112
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f04006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f04016e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f04028f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f04050f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Secondary = 0x7f12039c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f040371
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f04050c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f13004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/route_profile = 0x7f11012e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d011f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f040373
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f040505
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_heap_dump_disabled_running_tests = 0x7f110085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f060291
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_tint = 0x7f06003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f04014a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f04023e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120083
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f060152
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f04034b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_text_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f060237
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f0404fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbIconTintMode = 0x7f040501
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider.Heavy = 0x7f1203bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/coplanarSiblingViewId = 0x7f040153
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f0404c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f080193
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0900b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiCompassMarginLeft = 0x7f04032d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant6 = 0x7f0600f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/theme = 0x7f0404f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d00e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textPanY = 0x7f0404f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_apiBaseUrl = 0x7f0402e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackDecoration = 0x7f040537
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textPanX = 0x7f0404f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_opacity = 0x7f07011a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/slide_out_right = 0x7f010034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/leak_canary_Widget.ActionBar = 0x7f120475
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_instance = 0x7f060086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_density_constant = 0x7f07023e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f08000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070130
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f0602cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f0404ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f070277
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/animateNavigationIcon = 0x7f040038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textInputFilledStyle = 0x7f0404e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f040228
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_low = 0x7f0602fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiAttributionMarginRight = 0x7f040325
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f0702fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f0404e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f04021f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f04008a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral87 = 0x7f060149
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f0404d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f04001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary = 0x7f0602ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f040560
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f0801a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f0404d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_notification_sharp_left = 0x7f0800b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f04024d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f040181
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f040503
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineLarge = 0x7f0404c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f0404c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f040206
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedInterpolator = 0x7f0403a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120274
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_banner_maneuver_secondary_dark = 0x7f060262
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f040082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_prefetchZoomDelta = 0x7f040312
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceDisplaySmall = 0x7f0404c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07034e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0602a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f120417
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f04009e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3 = 0x7f12028b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d0115
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiCompassDrawable = 0x7f040329
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_header_container = 0x7f0901a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f06032d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceBodyMedium = 0x7f0404bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/targetId = 0x7f0404b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0d00fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f040348
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f0404b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f0404d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f050000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0400e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/currentState = 0x7f040166
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f0404a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabMode = 0x7f0404a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/TOP_END = 0x7f09000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f130036
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f0401a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_elevation = 0x7f070147
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f040563
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f120220
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f1100cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f0404a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d006e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f0404a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f040021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12014d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f0404b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container = 0x7f0601ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f04049c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f060058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f040127
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f04049a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f040498
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f090060
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f040497
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0400fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackDecorationTint = 0x7f040538
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f06015b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f040494
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f040492
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary50 = 0x7f06017e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1200bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f0400c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/suffixText = 0x7f04048f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_new_location = 0x7f080128
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin = 0x7f0700ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0400d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f040294
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f12030c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_min_width = 0x7f0700ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060194
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1200d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0400d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f040271
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom = 0x7f0700bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subtitle = 0x7f04048a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f040499
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right = 0x7f0700f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_stack_trace = 0x7f06008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/subheaderColor = 0x7f040485
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f040227
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0702ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f040483
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f040143
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f06035e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f040478
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/soundText = 0x7f0901fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/fitEnd = 0x7f0900d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0400f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f040424
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_significantVelocityThreshold = 0x7f040076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/async = 0x7f09005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f040265
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral100 = 0x7f06013b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f07025e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f0702df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f040475
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f0403b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/skipped = 0x7f0901f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transition_position = 0x7f090251
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/bounce = 0x7f090069
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/removeEmbeddedFabElevation = 0x7f040421
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/colorAccent = 0x7f06002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_minimum_angled_scale_speed = 0x7f070247
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f13001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1200f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_input_text_color = 0x7f0d00b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewProgressBackground = 0x7f0403ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/destinationWaypointIcon = 0x7f040180
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/spanCount = 0x7f040462
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f0404a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f060313
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f04045d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiZoomGestures = 0x7f04033c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/simpleItems = 0x7f040459
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/imageView3 = 0x7f09027a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/simpleItemLayout = 0x7f040456
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_backgroundTintColor = 0x7f0402e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f06032c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f0702a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060044
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/sideSheetModalStyle = 0x7f040455
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f070308
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_tab_selector_ripple = 0x7f08014f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_localIdeographEnabled = 0x7f04030a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f040242
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f12033c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f1100d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060206
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_primary_fixed = 0x7f06022b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1200e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f0402a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0602aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f120327
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showDividers = 0x7f04044d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f06000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showDelay = 0x7f04044c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelLarge = 0x7f1201e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f040448
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/aboutText = 0x7f090272
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f070065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_pixelRatio = 0x7f040311
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040445
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Top = 0x7f120190
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f040162
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraSmall = 0x7f04043f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f04043b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0c0006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f13004f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f07002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f070341
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_slider_thumb_color_legacy = 0x7f06018e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_dialog_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0d0026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f04043a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f0602d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0600df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f0401c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f06005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/sideSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f040454
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f040545
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_headline_color = 0x7f0d0084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f040436
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f040433
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f110104
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/action_divider = 0x7f090040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0600ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_elevation = 0x7f07011f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0702e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f04042e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/saturation = 0x7f04042d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f0702f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/routeShieldColor = 0x7f04042c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MockView = 0x7f130063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral90 = 0x7f06014a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Handle.Shape = 0x7f12016e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f040420
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0d003c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f04041f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0400ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f090222
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0400ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0400e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f04041e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060240
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/open_search_view_toolbar_container = 0x7f0901a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f040417
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled = 0x7f060039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f09014e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f040415
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f040372
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f040414
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f0403b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f080096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f0901e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f040412
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchview_height = 0x7f0701fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d0078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f040549
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f040495
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_with_icon = 0x7f04047e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f04040c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f0601c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dragScale = 0x7f04018e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f040409
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f0401d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f040405
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_error = 0x7f060059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f040403
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_logo_helmet = 0x7f080164
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f04009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f0403fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0900c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f0404c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_byte_array = 0x7f06007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility = 0x7f040342
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f0403f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f040002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f0401bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f0403ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f0403ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.DrawerLayout = 0x7f12038c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f0403ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_horizontal_gap = 0x7f070259
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f0403eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/paddingStartSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0403ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f0404ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/center = 0x7f090074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f1200ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mapView = 0x7f090143
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f040160
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f0401c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f12011d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f040145
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/overlay = 0x7f0403e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f040142
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/guidelineUseRtl = 0x7f040217
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawPath = 0x7f040190
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f040431
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0700f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/onHide = 0x7f0403db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f060031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f040018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_container_color = 0x7f0d0113
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f0702dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contrast = 0x7f040150
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f07027e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f0403d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f1203a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f070318
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewSecondary = 0x7f0403d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_enable_title = 0x7f110033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewRouteOverviewDrawable = 0x7f0403cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewPrimary = 0x7f0403cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f080098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f0600a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f0701dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewLocationLayerStyle = 0x7f0403c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_localIdeographFontFamilies = 0x7f04030b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewDivider = 0x7f0403c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewDestinationMarker = 0x7f0403c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/m3_avd_show_password = 0x7f080154
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f04000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f1201d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbTrackGapSize = 0x7f040508
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f040542
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0400c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f070038
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/queryHint = 0x7f040411
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f060005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12023f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f0403be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_depart_right = 0x7f0800a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f0401f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/left = 0x7f090137
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f0403b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/onInterceptTouchReturnSwipe = 0x7f09019b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f0403b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f070048
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f0403af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long2 = 0x7f0a0011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f110129
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f0403ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f0403aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingStandardDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f0403a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f040052
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_roundabout_slight_left = 0x7f080116
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0d007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_height = 0x7f070198
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0c007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineMedium = 0x7f0404ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f0403f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f12034d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerMedium = 0x7f040441
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_sound_on = 0x7f080138
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f04039b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f040012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120207
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_offset = 0x7f0700cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationShort3 = 0x7f040399
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f1201db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f07008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_textfield_input_text_color = 0x7f06023c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f1201b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/grouping = 0x7f0900e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f040397
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_indeterminate = 0x7f1100e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f040163
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f120021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f060287
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_instance_string = 0x7f060087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f040049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/MaterialSwitch = 0x7f13005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1203e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f1100f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2 = 0x7f0a0019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f090004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/scale = 0x7f0901d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f040085
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationExtraLong4 = 0x7f04038e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f120271
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/iconTint = 0x7f040234
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/stepDistanceText = 0x7f090214
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/pooling_container_listener_holder_tag = 0x7f0901b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_error100 = 0x7f06012e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/m3_side_sheet_enter_from_left = 0x7f01002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_leak_row = 0x7f0c004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f0400b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/simpleItemSelectedRippleColor = 0x7f040458
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/sub_instruction_layout = 0x7f0c0091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mapbox_internalMinSpan23 = 0x7f07023b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f040387
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f12004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonIconTint = 0x7f040098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_layer_congestion_yellow = 0x7f060255
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/mock_label = 0x7f040385
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/error_valid_route_not_found = 0x7f11005d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/minWidth = 0x7f040383
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0602d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0600d5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f130027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f04037d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f04010d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0701ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiLogoMarginTop = 0x7f040337
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f04041d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f040374
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/searchview_navigation_content_description = 0x7f110133
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialTimePickerTitleStyle = 0x7f04036f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_timepicker_display_background_color = 0x7f060243
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/arcMode = 0x7f04003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f04036c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_full_open_on_phone = 0x7f080082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f090028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/upcomingManeuverArrowColor = 0x7f04054c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f060017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_navigation_rail_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/instruction_layout_alt = 0x7f0c003b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialSwitchStyle = 0x7f04036b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0400e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/searchbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f110131
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f040073
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f02001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f04044b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_highest = 0x7f06021e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialSearchBarStyle = 0x7f040366
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiCompassMarginTop = 0x7f04032f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/gradient_shadow_up = 0x7f0800d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialIconButtonFilledTonalStyle = 0x7f040363
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialIconButtonFilledStyle = 0x7f040362
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f060024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_container_width = 0x7f070195
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f120365
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_elevation = 0x7f070121
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f070002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate = 0x7f080181
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCardViewOutlinedStyle = 0x7f04035b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f060316
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/normal = 0x7f090191
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1200f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f13008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_label_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0701eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_on_background = 0x7f0602e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0702de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbWidth = 0x7f040509
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f1201a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f04045f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f040354
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f130039
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f04026c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f0403fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f04034f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/META = 0x7f090005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f0403b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/marginLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04033e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_carousel_gone_size = 0x7f070106
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f070144
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f040507
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f040345
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f080037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f040343
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/list_item = 0x7f09013f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_blue = 0x7f06024a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary = 0x7f0601de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_foregroundTintColor = 0x7f040302
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f070046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiAttributionGravity = 0x7f040322
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f12044f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiTiltGestures = 0x7f04033b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f0402b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f06018f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiRotateGestures = 0x7f040339
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/lStar = 0x7f04026f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120221
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f090011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewBannerManeuverSecondary = 0x7f0403c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiLogoGravity = 0x7f040333
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_import_hprof_file = 0x7f11008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f06034c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/collapsed_navigation_notification_layout = 0x7f0c0023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f06003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0400d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f090002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f06001d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f120345
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_alternative_shield_color = 0x7f060252
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0602b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceLabelMedium = 0x7f0404cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiDoubleTapGestures = 0x7f040330
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceLabelSmall = 0x7f0404ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070178
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120426
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiAttributionMarginLeft = 0x7f040324
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabSelectedTextAppearance = 0x7f0404ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f040496
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiCompassMarginBottom = 0x7f04032c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_corner_size = 0x7f0700b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiAttributionTintColor = 0x7f040327
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f040547
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f0401f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f040291
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f0401a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiAttribution = 0x7f040321
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f0403f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0153
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_trackingMultiFingerMoveThreshold = 0x7f040320
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_trackingAnimationDurationMultiplier = 0x7f04031d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f070303
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_renderTextureMode = 0x7f04031a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bl_bubbleColor = 0x7f0402eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f04015e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_pulsingLocationCircleFadeEnabled = 0x7f040317
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f04029a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/showText = 0x7f040451
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f12046a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textLocale = 0x7f0404ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_pulsingLocationCircleDuration = 0x7f040315
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f060023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineSmall = 0x7f0404cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12023d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_notification_right = 0x7f0800b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f0403a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f040171
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_maxZoomIconScale = 0x7f04030e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/easeIn = 0x7f0900b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorTertiaryFixedDim = 0x7f040136
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0600fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f040477
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_localIdeographFontFamily = 0x7f04030c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f130025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_iconPaddingRight = 0x7f040306
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f070270
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_enableZMediaOverlay = 0x7f0402fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f0403ae
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0700e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_enableStaleState = 0x7f0402fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/warmth = 0x7f04055a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f0403f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/exit_sign_view_right = 0x7f0c0035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_compassAnimationEnabled = 0x7f0402f8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f06006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0c0005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_badge_size = 0x7f0700cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f04001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f0400bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraTilt = 0x7f0402f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/colorPrimary = 0x7f060030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f0403b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraPitchMax = 0x7f0402f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bl_cornersRadius = 0x7f0402ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0d003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bl_arrowDirection = 0x7f0402e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f120011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f040196
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f060019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f0401da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f04007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/transition_transform = 0x7f090253
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f120344
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/rvInstructions = 0x7f0901d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_bearingDrawable = 0x7f0402e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_accuracyColor = 0x7f0402de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/NavigationViewLight = 0x7f12013d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060055
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f08018b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationMedium3 = 0x7f040395
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_shape = 0x7f0d0109
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070171
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraZoomMin = 0x7f0402f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f0403b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f0401ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/logoScaleType = 0x7f0402d9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f0403fd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked = 0x7f080187
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1203a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:array/unit_type_array = 0x7f030004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f0400dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_small_fab_size = 0x7f070204
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f0404ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/logoAdjustViewBounds = 0x7f0402d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f11010d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/instruction_view_layout = 0x7f0c003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f0402d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0402cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/listLayout = 0x7f0402cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary99 = 0x7f060177
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceTitleSmall = 0x7f0404dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120064
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_spinner = 0x7f090132
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f040437
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f080176
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f0402c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f0601b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/liftOnScrollColor = 0x7f0402c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon = 0x7f120378
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f07007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f0801af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f060350
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f040370
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f0702f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f060067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f040177
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_google_play_services_wear_update_text = 0x7f11003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f0402b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0401d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f120150
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_small_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f070203
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f0402b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f0402b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070220
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f040423
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f04051f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0c0075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceDim = 0x7f04012f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error = 0x7f060192
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f0600aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f07003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f070302
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed = 0x7f060225
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.None = 0x7f120177
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/include = 0x7f13009c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_failure_copied = 0x7f11007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/addElevationShadow = 0x7f040028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f040094
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f12029e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline_variant = 0x7f0601e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tickColor = 0x7f04050a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f040266
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f0402b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraZoom = 0x7f0402f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_squiggly_span_stroke_width = 0x7f0700b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f04040d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f04056d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f04038f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f0402ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/routeColor = 0x7f040428
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f0402a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f0402a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0701cf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_button = 0x7f0901e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f040019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle = 0x7f0400f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f090086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f040296
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f0404e4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f06004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_arrive_right = 0x7f0800ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_container_height = 0x7f0701bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f040120
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_notification_no_retained_object_on_tap = 0x7f090127
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f060336
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f06005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f120410
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f04013c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040113
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f0403b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_minimum_angular_velocity = 0x7f070248
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f04028d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f04022b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f040057
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f0404a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f130037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/path = 0x7f0901b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f040269
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_renderTextureTranslucentSurface = 0x7f04031b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/description_navigation_route_ui = 0x7f11004e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070135
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f0402b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate = 0x7f080186
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cursorErrorColor = 0x7f040168
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f06036e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f120023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f04027e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0602d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f0401ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f0602c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/error_route_not_available = 0x7f11005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f04027d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f040278
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout = 0x7f040276
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f0403dd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f0403f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f060042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/indicatorTrackGapSize = 0x7f040247
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f060013
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_slider_stop_indicator_size = 0x7f07019f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemPaddingTop = 0x7f04025a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/background = 0x7f04004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f04000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnSecondaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040110
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemPaddingBottom = 0x7f040259
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d008c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/height = 0x7f04021b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backHandlingEnabled = 0x7f04004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_notification_no_retained_object_title = 0x7f110099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f040253
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f0a002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container = 0x7f0601a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_default_corner_size = 0x7f070107
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f130071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface = 0x7f06019e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f040244
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120076
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_heap_analysis_success_screen_row_time_format = 0x7f110082
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f07006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonIconTintMode = 0x7f040099
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f120098
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f040243
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_error = 0x7f04047a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d006d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f04052c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070317
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeWithTextShapeAppearance = 0x7f040065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/routeInfoBottomSheetView = 0x7f0901ce
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f0401a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/values = 0x7f040550
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f040237
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_bright = 0x7f0601ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040131
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/m3_side_sheet_exit_to_left = 0x7f01002d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f0404a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f0702b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/toggleCheckedStateOnClick = 0x7f040525
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorPrimaryContainer = 0x7f04011b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchView.FullScreen.Container.Shape = 0x7f12016c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f0401be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/leak_canary_count_background = 0x7f080142
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f040553
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f040288
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f12022e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_analysis_deleted_title = 0x7f110071
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f0700a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0b0007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f070123
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/rounded_corners = 0x7f0801b1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_dialog_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d0027
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f060018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/imageView = 0x7f0900f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f08008d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070211
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f120307
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_foregroundDrawableStale = 0x7f0402ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f060324
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/setsTag = 0x7f04043c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/anticipate = 0x7f090058
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f07032a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f060339
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f010031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070298
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f04027a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/haloColor = 0x7f040218
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1200d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f040078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_appbar_size_compact = 0x7f0700c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f0403df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0400cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerSmall = 0x7f040442
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f0402a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_fork_right = 0x7f0800a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0600e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/error_select_longer_route = 0x7f11005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f0400a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/hideable = 0x7f0900e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f09001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/singleLine = 0x7f04045b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f06036b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_high = 0x7f0602fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0d014b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0602c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f04020c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f04020b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f04021e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_width = 0x7f070170
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0400d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f040208
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f0402be
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f040548
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewAccent = 0x7f0403c0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f040202
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f1201aa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f0702c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f1100bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/animateMenuItems = 0x7f040037
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f04055c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0c0059
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f040562
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f0401f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0702f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f040236
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f060108
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f120200
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401e7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/elevation = 0x7f0401a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/defaultScrollFlagsEnabled = 0x7f04017b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f04022a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401e5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f1201b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_leak_not_found = 0x7f110091
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary = 0x7f0601a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/extraInstructionContentLayout = 0x7f0900cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f0401ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f04029c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_route_destination = 0x7f080131
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f0a002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f0400a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f0401d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/percentX = 0x7f0403f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f060290
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f040045
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f07032f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f0401cb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f0702f2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1200f7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f040203
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/rvTurnLanes = 0x7f0901d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f040006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_ic_indeterminate = 0x7f080191
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_depart = 0x7f08009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/trackDecorationTintMode = 0x7f040539
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/hr = 0x7f110065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f04013a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f04006f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f0401c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_active_indicator_container_color = 0x7f0d0019
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_roundabout_left = 0x7f0800c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f040173
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f0401bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_enableTilePrefetch = 0x7f0402fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f040261
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f0402c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f090049
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f06000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f040077
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f0401bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorAccessibilityLiveRegion = 0x7f0401b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/password_toggle = 0x7f0901b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f050001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f12045d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoAdjustToWithinGrandparentBounds = 0x7f040041
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f04004a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0c0088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f0401b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f12010e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f09001b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_trackingGesturesManagement = 0x7f04031e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top = 0x7f0700d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0602bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f040352
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f04047d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f040056
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f06019b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f040282
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alternativeRouteColor = 0x7f040031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0400e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/scopeUris = 0x7f04042f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f04038a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialIconButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f040364
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/duration = 0x7f0401a0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f040235
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialDisplayDividerStyle = 0x7f04035f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f120422
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1200c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f0401fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f040087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f0801a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f040195
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f040103
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f04000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f0400ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f04018f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f040564
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f0404b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f04018d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_type = 0x7f0d00f5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f040491
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_name = 0x7f110119
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f070023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f070266
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_foregroundLoadColor = 0x7f040300
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f12022d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alternativeRouteScale = 0x7f040033
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120270
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0400c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_explorer_search_classes = 0x7f11007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f040182
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/activity_fullscreen = 0x7f0c009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f120087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010030
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f040225
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f04017d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f040283
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f0403e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tintMode = 0x7f040514
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f120296
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewRouteStyle = 0x7f0403d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_background = 0x7f060197
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/red = 0x7f060360
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d0103
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/allStates = 0x7f090053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f07005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed_variant = 0x7f060226
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dividerColor = 0x7f040186
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_fork_left = 0x7f080106
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401ed
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_container_elevation = 0x7f07013b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral98 = 0x7f06014f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_route_upcoming_maneuver_arrow_color = 0x7f060258
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f040090
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/leak_canary_connector_leak_dash_gap = 0x7f0700a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallStyle = 0x7f0401eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_failure_clipdata_label = 0x7f11007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_main_container = 0x7f09011d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0402c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07007c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0400fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_iconPaddingTop = 0x7f040307
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f040161
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120294
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_inset = 0x7f0700ee
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/logo = 0x7f0402d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f120297
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_cameraBearing = 0x7f0402ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f0401af
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f120465
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f04036e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f04015d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnTertiaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040117
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f040158
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/imageAspectRatioAdjust = 0x7f04023a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0163
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_leading_space = 0x7f070199
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f06029b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_backgroundDrawableStale = 0x7f0402e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f040148
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_size = 0x7f070326
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:array/route_profile_values_array = 0x7f030003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_background = 0x7f0602dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f0404b8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0400fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_badge_size = 0x7f07027b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0087
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/constraints = 0x7f04013f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f110007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_medium_corner_family = 0x7f0a0025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f06028a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/button_material_light = 0x7f060028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f04013b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f120043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_clock_display_and_toggle = 0x7f090149
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f06032b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1201c7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f09002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/prefixText = 0x7f040406
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1202e2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/component_navigation_bottomsheet_height = 0x7f07005f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/with_icon = 0x7f09026b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f0702b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary50 = 0x7f060171
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0401b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_divider_thickness = 0x7f07025f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_checked = 0x7f1100eb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/leak_canary_heap_load_class = 0x7f060089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_searchbar_padding_start = 0x7f0701f6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f0404e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.CheckedTextView = 0x7f120371
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f06020b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_item_active_indicator_label_padding = 0x7f0701d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f0402bc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceContainerHighest = 0x7f04012c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f04027b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f060016
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/common_signin_button_text_long = 0x7f110042
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/defaultState = 0x7f04017c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f0404c3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f04007f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral99 = 0x7f060150
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_m3_chip_check = 0x7f0800fa
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f070124
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1201f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize = 0x7f0400f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f0401d3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f040050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_timepicker_confirm = 0x7f11011f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/brightness = 0x7f04008e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorScheme = 0x7f040122
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f120096
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_color = 0x7f0d0173
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0702dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f040004
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f040464
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f01002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0c008f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:bool/leak_canary_watcher_watch_dismissed_dialogs = 0x7f050007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start = 0x7f0701db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_container_elevation = 0x7f070139
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f0401a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f04021a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401d0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f04011a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0c005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary = 0x7f060303
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary95 = 0x7f060183
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f04000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1200a3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/clearPoints = 0x7f090080
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnTertiaryFixed = 0x7f040116
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_lane_slight_right = 0x7f0800f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Detached = 0x7f1203d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_current_year_description = 0x7f110101
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f040092
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f060014
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070160
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f0401b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f110061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnPrimaryFixed = 0x7f04010a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiCompass = 0x7f040328
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/onShow = 0x7f0403de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f070346
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level0 = 0x7f070207
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/color = 0x7f0400f9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1203cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_navigation_button_heap_dumps = 0x7f090120
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/floating = 0x7f0900d8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f040194
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f13009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f040100
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0031
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0400e8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0400ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f0400a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed_dim = 0x7f060200
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0c0078
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f0900a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f04039c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiLogoMarginRight = 0x7f040336
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f12018b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorPrimaryFixedDim = 0x7f04011e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0400ef
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f070287
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f0400dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/leak_canary_list = 0x7f0c004c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/centerIfNoTextEnabled = 0x7f0400b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/west = 0x7f090268
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f06032a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/maplibre_navigation_view_color_accent_text = 0x7f06025b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f04004d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f04023b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_dialog_container_color = 0x7f0d0022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f04046d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f070022
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_opacity = 0x7f07019c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1202ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0400cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f040008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f070265
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f0400b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_divider_thickness = 0x7f07011e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f0400db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1200fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f09023b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f040005
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f070305
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0400d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maplibre_uiHorizontalScrollGestures = 0x7f040331
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f1100ca
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f04049f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f06010d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/waveShape = 0x7f04055f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1202c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0400c5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f04023f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f110002
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0400f3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f12042c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f040009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_container_elevation = 0x7f0701b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f040386
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0d002c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/thumbIcon = 0x7f0404fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation = 0x7f0700e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0d00ba
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f0400c1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f0400bf
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral4 = 0x7f060142
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_color_light_on_error = 0x7f060282
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f0404c4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f0400b7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f0400b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f0702a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceBright = 0x7f040129
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f0404ab
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f04007d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f070018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f04056a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f0400ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_tv_analysis_failure = 0x7f1100ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0702e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f04025d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeShapeAppearance = 0x7f04005a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f120408
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_clock_dial_color = 0x7f0d014c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f040531
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f0400a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f04009a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f09016d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f04019f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f120450
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f04055b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07009b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d00ec
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f040095
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/animationMode = 0x7f04003a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010026
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f070330
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f120319
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0400e3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f040084
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary = 0x7f0601a6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f04008b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/attributeName = 0x7f040040
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary20 = 0x7f06016e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f130003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f0700a1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f12019a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f040074
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/month_title = 0x7f090165
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f0702db
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f040156
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f040089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f0404ac
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f040086
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f04014c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f120208
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:array/language_values_array = 0x7f030001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnContainerUnchecked = 0x7f040105
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog.Left = 0x7f120008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemVerticalPadding = 0x7f04026b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_full_corner_family = 0x7f0a0023
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0011
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f040527
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:layout/activity_navigation = 0x7f0c001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/none = 0x7f090190
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_navigation_button_about_icon = 0x7f09011f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f04022d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/navigationViewListBackground = 0x7f0403c8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f070047
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f04009f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070225
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f04001e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f040277
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0003
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f07022d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f04007b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/infowindow_title = 0x7f0900fc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant = 0x7f0601f4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f040187
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1202a5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/ic_maneuver_fork_slight_right = 0x7f080109
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f040097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f040287
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked = 0x7f080183
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f04017e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f040344
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f060322
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f0404da
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/flag_of_oman_svg = 0x7f0801b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/topPanel = 0x7f090248
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorSurfaceContainer = 0x7f04012a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/bottomInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f04007e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f120097
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/muted = 0x7f110120
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f040137
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorShown = 0x7f0401bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f04006c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/barLength = 0x7f040068
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_color = 0x7f0d004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeWithTextWidth = 0x7f040067
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/leak_canary_exit_backward = 0x7f010021
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorOnErrorContainer = 0x7f040107
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f040010
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_turn_right = 0x7f0800c9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/md_grey_200 = 0x7f060319
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/maplibre_angular_velocity_multiplier = 0x7f07023d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f040378
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f0401b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeWidePadding = 0x7f040061
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding = 0x7f0700b5
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0600fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020017
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/summaryContentLayout = 0x7f09021f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f06020f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0602b9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_merge_slight_right = 0x7f0800ad
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_width = 0x7f070329
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1202df
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/maplibre_logo_icon = 0x7f080165
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f040053
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/colorTertiary = 0x7f040133
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f040051
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/rerouteLayout = 0x7f0901c6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f0402a7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/compatShadowEnabled = 0x7f040138
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f0801a8
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f04005c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f07032d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f040155
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f090172
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f04015b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_nav_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0701d4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0088
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alpha = 0x7f04002e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/companyName = 0x7f090273
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1200b4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d012b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f090154
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d013c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f070035
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f080075
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1203ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f120089
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_elevated_dragged_z = 0x7f0700fe
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_checked = 0x7f08018e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f0400a2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f040043
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f04002f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f120012
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f070269
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070173
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/home = 0x7f0900e9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f040482
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f0401ff
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0d0144
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f130046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/match_constraint = 0x7f090146
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f06004b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CardView = 0x7f120101
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_explore_heap_dump = 0x7f11007a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0d0102
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f04003e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f040093
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alternativeRouteSevereCongestionColor = 0x7f040034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/NotificationTitle = 0x7f120140
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f040024
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f07001a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/keylines = 0x7f04026e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f040398
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f04003f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120287
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f06003d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f0400b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/map_marker_light = 0x7f08015f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401f1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f070112
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f04009d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f06005b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f120173
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601e0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f04002b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f11001f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f04006b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_filled_card_container_color = 0x7f0d0046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0900de
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/routeScale = 0x7f04042a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f12020d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f04000a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f040072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f06011c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/rounded = 0x7f0901cd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/defaultMarginsEnabled = 0x7f040179
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f040046
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1202c2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f040157
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f0b0009
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f040541
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d013f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f090008
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_efab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/leak_canary_exit_alpha = 0x7f010020
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/wayname_padding = 0x7f070356
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f0403a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0602d1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f040000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f0401d7
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_single_leak_trace_row = 0x7f090131
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f04047f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f120131
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:menu/navigation_view_activity_menu = 0x7f0e0001
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/search_src_text = 0x7f0901e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f07014c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/inward = 0x7f090104
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_notification_slight_left = 0x7f0800b3
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f07029f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f040292
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0d00a4
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0d0034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010028
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f0702bb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemActiveIndicatorStyle = 0x7f04024e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_on_ramp_sharp_right = 0x7f0800bd
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120347
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral6 = 0x7f0600e1
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f010025
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f09025e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/infowindow_description = 0x7f0900fb
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/alertView = 0x7f090050
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/alternativeRouteModerateCongestionColor = 0x7f040032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled = 0x7f060034
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f07012c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/slide_down_top = 0x7f010032
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_harmonized_color_error = 0x7f0602cc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/customReference = 0x7f040172
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f0404d6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/leak_canary_storage_permission_activity_label = 0x7f1100a9
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/motionPath = 0x7f0403b0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120065
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_card_elevation = 0x7f070101
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0702e6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f04025b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f0401dc
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0d0072
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f040389
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding = 0x7f0700ea
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/m3_motion_fade_enter = 0x7f010029
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:id/leak_canary_toast_icon = 0x7f090135
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f06005e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/m3_radiobutton_button_tint = 0x7f0600d2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f040426
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f110115
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070161
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/badgeWithTextHeight = 0x7f040063
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f12014a
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon = 0x7f080180
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:drawable/direction_notification_sharp_right = 0x7f0800b2
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/material_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f06029f
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0d0000
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/maxLines = 0x7f040376
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/errorAccessibilityLabel = 0x7f0401b6
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:dimen/material_clock_display_width = 0x7f070251
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f040249
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f040524
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f04056c
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f04054d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f06035d
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f120322
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0400f0
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:animator/m3_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000b
org.maplibre.navigation.android.example:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0400d5
